A2S18
-----

Starting with Viola and Cedrog
	Flying Heron's tip gold lengthens and pommel turns blue
	Viola complements Cedrog's mental fortitude
		He says he has thick skin, and Viola won't get anything from him
			"Oh, so you're saying that there is shit to get out of you?"
	Viola asks whether the catchphase was cool
		He says that she should workshop it
		Viola appreciates the honest feedback
Back at the mine
	Marcellus surrounded
	Panther turns back into blonde Kellid
	Everyone's covered in blood
	Nilbog has no healing magic left
	Marcellus and lumberjack manacled
	Zaknos suggests that folks go inside
	Krug moves the prisoners
	Nilbog starts patching up folks
Outside
	Viola dragging Cedrog back
	She sees a man holding a stab wound and calls out
	She can't do anything for him herself
	She ties Cedrog to the ramp supports
	She runs for help
Back inside
	Old angry Kellid is contributing to the healing
	Viola arrives and reports about the injured man
		Krug goes with Viola to get him
	Relic changes
		Krug notices that Nilbog's book has a cover now
			"That's not the order that things usually happen in"
		Nilbog responds that Krug's sword is different now
			There's a slight gold sheen to it, and the wrapping of the handle is tidied up, and the edges are fixed up
		Viola brings up the changes to the Flying Heron
	Alistair takes off his wet clothes and tries to go to sleep
Back outside
	Cedrog is still there
		He's tried to roll himself into a better position, and he can see us coming
	Cedrog and Bilger taken back inside
Inside for real now
	Resting during healing
	Kiruka approaches
		She gathers Viola and Krug
			She talked to Tessra
			She hopes Tessra will be receptive to our message from the gov't
			She asks what our gameplan is
				Viola says that they should probably give Tessra's stones back to her
				Though the gov't wanted us to help secure whatever it is that Tessra is looking for in/near the mines
				Kiruka explains that the gatestones are paired with their specific gates
					Useless unless taken back to the Wolfrun Hills
				Kiruka warns against turning over control to the Androren gov't
					Antithetical to their magic
				Kiruka trained at the Isle of Arenway
					Viola checks where that is on the Pellsieve
				Krug mentions that arbitrary linkage of gates would be a major security issue
					Tetron asks how the portals haven't been abused to this point
						They were previously hidden, only visible recently
							Just like the temple!
					Kiruka does clarify:
						Though the gates are visible, they don't really appear as gates unless they're activated
						Gate closest to our location: Skyward Oak
			What do we do about the prisoners?
				Viola proposes her "discussion" with Cedrog, Marcellus, and Tessra
				There's a lot of clarification about what exactly Viola's idea is
	What about Valin?
		Kiruka asks the blonde one (Kemari)
			"He fought to the end."
		Krug follows her outside to gather his body
		He finds a better spot to place him, pending the rain stopping so that a fire can be built
		He also gathers Norris and Goyle
		He tries to find sheets to cover them, but no dice
We rest for the afternoon
	Alistair falls asleep
		Recurring dream:
			He's had it a handful of times throughout his life, but the last time he had one was after the failed heist (prior to SotS)
			He only sees blackness, but he feels himself laying on cold tile
			Sounds: rustling of cloth, footsteps, women's voices ("he's back, he's covered in blood this time"  "I know, bring him to me")
			He is picked up
			Rule for the dream: it only lasts as long as he keeps his eyes closed
			He's carried a ways and placed on something cushy
			Hands brush his hair and unclasp his caps
				Voice "I'll take care of this"
			Other voice sighs: "I thought this day might come eventually"
				She pats him soothingly
			Snipping and sewing sounds, then the opening of a large metal grate and its closure
				"I'll address that in a moment"
			Background noises?  Soft movements of several creatures, one woman (the one who picked him up) has a high-pitched voice, the other (patting) sounds middle-aged, needlework, dragging sound
			The dragging comes from the direction of the grate; something is deposited
				"Your dagger, ma'am"  The woman says she'll address it later and that she'd take a little more time
			The temperature in the area is nice
			No sounds of nature or civilization
				Only the sound of the grate every so often
			He feels the gentle pressure of his wounds being cleaned
			The patting woman hums, some of the songs are of elven origin or about nature
			Through his eyelids, he can tell that there's very dim light, must be nighttime or something
			This goes on for a few hours
			His cloak is put back on
			"Alight, that was nice.  I suppose I should return to my duties."
				She picks a weapon up
			Alistair tries to say something: "Thank you, ma'am."
		He wakes
	Alistair talking to Krug
		"What does it feel like when you're talking to your goddess?"
		"When I speak with Sarenrae, she doesn't really appear as a person.  I usually get signs in the stars."
		Alistair validates that Krug doesn't have experiences like what Krug's had
			First time there's been a change in the real world
			"See?  She repaired it, and there's soft lining now."
		Krug gives it a close look
			The ability for deities to affect the real world, even for those that don't worship them.
			Most famous deity to appear in dreams is Desna, which is kind of her shtick, but she guides
			Could be possible for a deity to do something like this
		Alistair reports on her having a dagger (a warrior?)
		Krug says that it *could* be Desna, that there could be a path he's supposed to follow
			Alistair is doubtful
			There were multiple people there
		Alistair mentions that he couldn't see anything because if he opens his eyes, the dream ends
			Couldn't tell where he was
			Couldn't tell anything about the woman with a dagger other than that it was there
			Too much detail to not be a real place
		Viola chimes in that it could be a wizard or something, rather than a deity
		Krug is more onboard with the deity hypothesis, advising him to keep an eye out for significant signs
		"It seems to happen most when I escape some kind of trouble"
			Someone looking out for him?
Nightfall
	Rain has let up, now it's super muggy
	Viola goes through, Norris, Goyle, lumberjack, and Cedrog's stuff
		No money or documentation on Norris or Goyle
		Deadknuckle: +1 striking crossbow, lesser elixir of life, and no documents or other incriminating stuff
		Tetron takes manacles from Norris
		Zaknos takes Cedrog's pauldron with a lower jaw on it
			"Deddy-Knucks, what is this thing?"
			"First time someone's called me that outside the bedroom."
			He says he made it out of an ogre he killed outside Oregent
				Ogre's Jaw Pauldron
			"It lets you bite things."  "Better teeth."
			"It does a magic thing and it pretends you have a big mouth so you can bite things good."
	Tetron goes to loot Marcellus
		+1 striking greatsword, +1 full plate, lesser elixir of life, a cool dagger with a bit of antler as its handle
			Tetron fails to identify the dagger, though it is handmade (presumably by Marcellus)
		He finds a faded K Ego AS letter
			He does not get the eye itch
	Viola gives hand crossbow to Zaknos for the runes
	Krug's armor identified as cold iron by Tetron
		anti-fey!
	Kiruka and Alistair are chatting as Tetron approaches
		Tetron asks Alistair to read aura on the dagger
			Necromancy!
		"You could go stab something with it and see what happens."
			Tetron considers the thought
		The matter of the letter is brought up
			Alistair is able to make it out: K Ego AS told Marcellus specifically to leave Zaknos and either Viola or Alistair alive
Interrogation
	[HOLY SHIT FILL THIS IN]
	Viola pulls Tessra aside before starting
		Asking to be open-minded about the Marcellus situation
		Tessra isn't convinced, but agrees to go along
	Everyone sits down outside the mines
	Tetron coordinates a language to speak privately among ourselves
		He and Viola both know Gnomish, but Krug is kind of left out
	Viola lays down the ground rules
		Keep it casual: first names only
		[Try to remember 2nd ground rule]
	Cedrog tries to lay down some ground rules of his own
		He won't talk unless he gets assurance that he won't be harmed during or after the interrogation
		He wants time to go back to Oregent so that he can orient his successor
			Specifically for a month
	We try to shoot down Cedrog's ground rules
		Why should he make demands when he is in absolutely no position to?
			He knows that we only kept him alive for intelligence
		A month seems like an oddly-specific amount of time
			He offers to reduce it, but we still wave him off
			He claims to know Oregent and its people better than anyone
				We don't care
		We do promise to make the effort to convince Tessra to not string him up
			He tries to make Krug do the talking for us in that regard, so we instead turn things around and have Krug chime in if he believes anything Viola says to be untrue
	With Cedrog proving tough to crack, we turn our attention to the beef between Marcellus and Tessra
		Viola lays out the facts as she had them presented to her by both Marcellus and Tessra
		Marcellus is completely checked out
			Krug puts a hand on him and asks him to contribute
			He's not especially interested, but he says he'll go along with it if he's left alone after
		Viola starts again, with Marcellus able to fill in details
			He had been pointed in Selma's direction by a local guy who was appreciative of his help
			He got treated and everything was cool
			Upon returning to Falcon's Hollow, Kreed and co asked him how he had gotten patched up and asked him to describe the place
		Viola expounds on the issue of Selma, wondering why a friendly herbalist out in the woods minding her own business was taken and killed by Kreed
			Cedrog finally contributes: they were paid to eliminate a follower of Alseta as a way of weakening the goddess
	Finally, some progress
		They start to grill Cedrog on that
		Why weaken Alseta?
			Dunno.  Don't care.  Just got paid.
		Who paid?
			A guy named Jericho Isarn
				Jericho is a prominent religious figure in Galt
				He seriously advises to not fuck with Jericho
				Bree and Pax lied to us!
					They were feeding Cedrog info
			Jericho really stepped up in power around 10 years ago
				This lines up with when Joan left Galt
					Viola and Tetron chat about this to each other
		Is Shanks involved?
			No.  Cedrog thinks he's shit.
			Why come down here?
				To be a hero to Oregent
		Who received the gatestones in Augustana?
			Prof. Krynt of Agrimony Point
		Who is K Ego AS?
			He hasn't met the person.
		Does he use blood magic?
			No, because he's not part of the group
			Has been blocked from joining the group (he tried because it sounded lucrative)
				What is the group?
					Aegis Coalition
					Mother fuckers
	Cedrog tries to convince us to let him live
		He says that Oregent needs him
			People get too uppity and need to be put in their place
			Viola goes off on him for being anti-Andoren
	Word of warning from Cedrog: if we do decide to go after Jericho, we should try to get in touch with his butler, Rainier
	Anything to wrap up?
		Tessra asks whether Cedrog has any last words and starts to cast a spell
			We intercede
				Cedrog is far more valuable alive for intel than dead as a culmination of vengeance
				Tetron manages to convince her
	We start a pyre for the bodies
		Viola advises that Tessra add Faith and Liam's heads to the pile
			She obliges
Nighttime
	Alistair asks Tessra if her folks can clean up the bodies downstairs
	Tetron has a dream
		He's alone in a dark icescape
		He lights his staff, the light reflects off the staff
		Mountains about in the distance
		Trees frozen in blown-aside positions
		In the distance, a massive cloud is rolling in
			It's actually fog
		It's similar to his experience in the LoMaV vision, but the landscape is too different
		The shield is on his person
		He shouts hello, no response, echo muffled by the snow
		He continues to look around, and in a tree he sees a face
			It looks like his, but it's not his own
			Tetron's hand reaches out on its own to smash the glass/ice on the tree
	He wakes up, and looks at his staff
		It's unchanged
		As the glass crystals flicker in the light, and he sees Viola's eyes open in the reflection
		She's legit sleeping there with her eyes open
		He goes back to sleep
Next morning
	We set off toward the Lattimer Mining Camp

XP

Interrogation - 80
Tessra alliance - 30

POINTS TO GO BACK FOR
	Tessra worshipping Arazni
		Keeping Faith and Liam's heads
	Marcellus learning that Valin is dead
		The letter from Valin's dad
	Marcellus talking to K Ego AS
		Deep male voice, sounded big
		Only talked through a door
			This was right before he went to go wake Viola
		Told Marcellus where Tessra was
	Tetron's better catch phrase