Starday: Afternoon
------------------

Case details
	Allison Vistrum guard report, suicide:
	Filed: Gozran 2nd, 4718, 7:45 AM
	Reporting guard: Guard Deron Yates
	Prepared by: Guard Deron Yates
	Incident/Issue: At 7:45 AM on Gozran 2nd, 4718, the station received notification of a dead body in the north-facing courtyard of Agrimony Point: Officers School of the Arcane. No suspects were found at the site, witnesses and contacts taken in for questioning. 
	Interview 1: Prof. James Vistrum, university faculty member. Located in his home, asleep at the time of the victim’s death. Relationship to Allison: father.
	Interview 2: Sebastian Richards, university student. In the second story student’s lounge at the time of the victim’s death. Relationship to Allison: classmate.
	Interview 3: Yasmine Xin, university student. Meeting with Prof. Blackstrand at time of victim’s death. Relationship to Allison: classmate.
	Interview 4: Prof. Minerva Blackstrand, university faculty member. Located in the teacher’s quarters, meeting with Yasmine Xin at the time of the victim’s death. Relationship to Allison: professor.
	All other students and most other faculty were away on Vernal Recess [Spring Break]
	Actions Taken: Interviews conducted with above. Suicide note found on the victim seems to match forensic evidence of other writings. Prof. Blackstrand and other students report that the victim seemed in emotional distress over personal matters for several years, though her condition was reported to have improved recently. No evidence of foul play, case is deemed a suicide. Case closed.
Blackstrand's first name: Minerva
Interview Notes:
	Allison lived on-campus, no roommates
	Blackstrand taught her
	Allison's room was swept fully, nothing out of place
	No sign of struggle
	Love interests? None known
	Happened during Spring Break "Vernal Recess", making campus scarce
	Blackstrand's impression of Allison: seemed surprised at the death
	Victim seemed emotionally distraught for a few years leading up to death (opinion of Blackstrand and classmates)
	Class performance? Excellent, but not head of class
	Sebastian was head of class, claimed to not know Allison well
	Zaknos rolls Society to try to find missing details:
		Academic performance not consistent with suicide note
		Not really friends with folks her age
		Seemed kind of happy for the year leading up to the death
	Yasmine didn't know Allison that well either
	Students shaken up by the event, and finals were coming up
	Enemies of Prof: Contentious relationships with other professors (primarily Blackstrand)
	Blackstrand was cooperative
	Allison had gotten a job at a library a few years prior
		Other students didn't know about the job
		Spending a lot of time there
		Worked the back stacks
	Did interview library staff, they described her the same way as folks at Agrimony Point
	Did not have any books checked out at the time, but this was not normal
	Vistrum mentioned that she kept a journal, but it was never found
	Any incentive to being head of class? Agrimony Point was competitive; to rise into higher ranks, need Master's
	Allison was undergrad
	Magical tampering with suicide note? Tetron hands it over, and a guard takes a look
	Could we get permission to look into things in an official capacity? Yes
While waiting for magical analysis of suicide note, we check out library
	Does the library look like it was always a library?  Looks like it has been repurposed.
	Alistair sneaks off, and Zaknos pretends to not be associated with the party
	Ms. Lamoth - library head - irregularly short halfling
		"She was so lovely"
		"Best worker"
		Vistrum was library patron
		Allison's perferred working area: Restocking the whole library
		First few years, mostly spent breaks eating alone (came to eat during school days even)
		Religious - Sarenrae - Avoided the temple though
		Chipper a year prior to the death, work improved
		What kind of books recommended? All sorts, she knew what people tended to check out.
		What did she read? Fantasy
		Other employee friends? Not employee, but someone who studied there: an older tiefling, pale, gold horns, smelled out oud, seemed well-learned
			Hasn't been coming around since Allison's death
			Used Archives section
	Meanwhile, Alistair
		Looking into every nook and cranny
		Looking for hidden shit, things that don't belong, etc.
		Finds Archives section, but there's a person sitting out front keeping watch
		Nothing worth the effort
	Digging through back room
		Tetron finds a small prayer mat, calls Krug to look; it's worn down
		Lamoth finds the tiefling
		Viola looks inside the mat, nothing other than stuffing
	Felix Savaxis, from Almas
		Professor
		Researching a text local to Augustana
		Makes some kind of sigh, lots of emotion
		He did know her, met in library
		Intimate relationship
		Met a year prior to the death (explains the mood improvement)
		First meeting: she fell of a ladder while putting a book away, and he caught her
		Planned to propose to her
		Seemed remorseful over something, crying
		Placed a lot of pressure on herself, way more than her father did; very gifted
		Kept relationship quiet
		Anything between the two? No.  Final week before passing, celebrating her dad's stuff
		Location of celebration? Likely dad's home
		Anyone the remorse associated with? Only self.
		Bit of a thing right before: might have been seen by a colleague, other person ran off
			Red hair, possible nobility, human - Sebastian?
		Had gotten to the point where they had been holding hands around staff
		Have address to where he's staying!
		Journal?  Always hidden in her room.  Was present for the police search; they didn't find it.
		Particular book that was significant between them? Lists off several fantasy novels.
		Journal description?  Plain, small, brown, no fastener
		Something about his crying after interview doesn't sit right with Viola - Strange that he knew her for a year and didn't know her that well, but is still distraught about it.
The guards did know about Felix
	He claimed that he was a tutor
Alistair snuck into Felix's house through the chimney
	Super covered in soot, taking boots off before getting out of the fireplace and using his other clothes to wipe himself off, then changing clothes into normal kid's clothes
	Finds a writing desk with a red flower on it
	Alistair finds love letters, covered in tear marks, leaves them alone for the time being
		The letters are pretty consitent and loving, no handwriting changes
	Felix's notes from library are concerned with a large lake at the north of Avistan (Mists and Veils), specifically why it is foggy all the time
	Bedroom is otherwise sparce and uninteresting
	Bathroom is also uninteresting other than antidepressant medication
	Downstairs to kitchen
	Kitchen has more vases of that red flower
	Rest of downstairs is uneventful
	Felix seems to be clean
	Alistair goes back upstairs to look through the letters more carefully
		She gushes over him, basically immediately after they get together
		"I owe my life to you", "could never be without you"
	Double-check for soot and clean
Back at Agrimony Point
	Tetron goes to Blackstrand's office
	She advises that he search for the best medium/shaman he can find
	Tetron asks Blackstrand about Allison
		"She was a bright student"
		"Girl of few words", hardly speaking to others unless necessary
		Was lightly teased for her terseness
		Open to feedback
		Tetron asks about Agrimony Point's own report: they were too small to have one
		Closest associate was Yasmin, but they were only cordial acquaintences
			How she took it: about as badly as everyone else did, as the class was small enough to all know each other
		Only Vistrum, Blackstrand, Yasmin, and Sebastian were at the school at the time of Allison's death
		Scene of the incident was out front (we walked past it)
		Thoughts on happier last year: unknowledgeable
		Heavy competition? Don't need stellar marks for grad school (she would have easily cleared).  However, that specific class was kind of competitive
		Sebastian was aggressive in terms of seeking info and materials - very driven
			She kept him separate from her for group project partnerships
			First to office hours, etc.
		Where to find Allison and Sebastian?
	Viola and others go to find Sebastian, and then realize that they don't know how to find him
	Instead, they check scene of the death
		Viola looks around the building
			Possible paths to the roof:
				Second story window with possible handholds that would work
				Pipe leading from student dining area to the roof
		Krug goes back to get Tetron
	Zaknos and Nilbog decide to unilaterally look for Sebastian
		They knock on random doors and ask for Sebastian
		They are directed to his door and knock
			Told to fuck off
		Tetron and Krug arrive
		Sebastian threatens to call security, Tetron asks them to step away, Zaknos claims to be security (which is bullshit)
		Viola and Krug have to pull Zaknos and Nilbog away, but not before Blackstrand comes to chew us all out
	Meanwhile, Tetron is brought into Sebastian's room
		Sebastian is racist against goblins
		Snarked about Allison's death
		Regarding valedictorian status: "I didn't even have to do anything, she did it herself."
		He had suspected that she was up to something, found that she was a "father-fucking whore"
		Sebastian has her journal!!!
		Allison was sexually into her own dad, found Felix and used him as a substitute
		"I didn't have to say anything."
		Journal hidden behind his desk
		"It's good for a laugh"
		Tetron casts Charm, save successful
		Tetron casts Sleep, save failure
		Tetron casts Illusory Object to plant a fake journal
		GTFO
	Alistair goes back to the inn to clean up, then heads back to 
	We go back to Amos's to discuss