A2S7

Tetron and Zaknos at dinner
	Both order a chanti
	"Looking for sandwich inspiration"
	Zaknos's order: 8oz tenderloin, scallops, asparagus, chef's twist
	Tetron's order: Lambchop, pea-garlic puree, onion
	Tetron asks Zaknos about his mom.  
	Zaknos's dad was kind of a dick and took away his sandwiches.
	Tetron: "Loyalty is so important these days."  "What wouldn't you do for her?"
		Trying to prove snargies are real for her.
	Zaknos explains that his mom was "put away", claims his father was responsible.
	Waiter's name is "Garson?"
	Zaknos sense motive: He notices the insinuation and thinks Tetron knows something
	Aromatic Garundi wine used as steak sauce
	Tetron fesses up.  "It's not good news."  "Your life is in danger."
		Tetron knows where Zaknos's mom is.  Spittake (Tetron has a napkin ready)
		"Have you heard of Astrid of the Ashborn?"
			Zaknos remembers walking into a tavern after a severe argument between parents.
				Dad had thrown a vase, and his brother had to pull him off mom
				This is normal, but more severe than normal
				Ended up black-out drunk, encountered a humanoid with otherworldly features by that name
					Bright red hair, black feathered cloak
					Zaknos drunkenly hit on her, as she appeared middle-aged
					She said she could help with his problems.
			Zaknos's mother is in her hands
			She expects him to kill someone
			Tetron is putting on a lover-ish performance to dump attention.  Zaknos is a little put off
			We're going to help.
			"You cannot let them know that we're helping you stop it.  That is the one thing that will trigger them."
			Zaknos is physically unable to speak on the topic.  Almost choking on the word.
			"Magical vows of silence?"  "It'd be a shame to get caught in one of those."
			"If anyone reaches out to you from there, don't let them know."  "You've got learn as much as you can about this Astrid and stop her."
	Cake with "To Love" written on top given as complements of the staff.  It's incredible and had guava as inter-layer medium.
	Bread to go.
	Web has been tripped!
Meanwhile, back at the Dockward Hold
	Viola asks to talk to Blaire
		Viola admits about having taken the job from her mom
		"My mother is kind"
		She was a brat before going to art school
		Some of the viewpoints her mom holds are more Cheliax-aligned than Andoran-aligned
		She, like many nobles, when property was siezed, had a tough time adjusting
		She blames dad's death on Andoran
		She's been working out of the house to mask the scent of what she does
		Krug asks whether she's uncomfortable talking politics with her mom
			Nobles told to give up property or get out
		"I still love my mom, but I can see fault with her."
		Should we explain?
			She says no.
			Can we influence her?
				Not without giving up the informant we have (the maid)
					Still works with the maid's son
		We won't be the last
		Krug's gut says just tell the truth
			She'll consider it, but mom can be bitter and stubborn
	Alistair asks Zaugia about alternatives to Zven Pallson
		Could sell at Dockward Hold, but Zaugia can't guarantee Alistair's safety coming or going
		She does have an alternate fence recommendation (TBD)
		She asks whether Ali is a street child
			He was an orphan in Almas and was taken in by a thieves' guild
		What sort of work?
			Info: Less merchantile, more personal or political
				Lumber Consortium are "corrupt pieces of shit".  She wants dirt on them.
					2,000 orcs in the way of their violence in Copperdown
				Should be careful, folks prey on children in the business
					"Stay with these people."
	Nilbog approaches the bar
		She looks sus towards the humans, but is unbothered by Nilbog
		"What's your favorite drink?"
			Grog plus a handful of dried crunchy things (maybe a frog leg in there), with a tomato on top
			She gives on to Nilbog, who drinks it unquestioningly
				It's dope, especially with the crunch
		Better down here, rather than around the other racist ancestries
		She thinks he's handsome, but she's married
	"Before you leave..."
		We should check the job board
At the job board
	Some of the same jobs
	Lots of bartering
	"A simple task, like child's play" The client is Mosely Pose.
		Payment: 1 birthday surprise, 40 gp in cp, 50% discount on ready teddy toddler booties, or 50% discount on next item
Back at the Slopes
	Tetron and Zaknos pay and dash to Gardenia House, Zaknos failing to explain what's going on
	Zaknos arrives and the gate is locked
	He peeks through and doesn't see anyone through the fence
	Zaknos hoists Tetron over the fence
	Zaknos tries to jump the fence himself, fails, and Tetron unlocks the gate
	Blaire's bedroom light is on
	Tetron suggests that they wait for "Blaire" to leave, rather than trying to confront her inside
	Tetron pulls out Taranis to look in the window
		"If you see anyone else..."
		Taranis flies up and lands, and then there's silence
		Taranis returns unalarmed.  "I did not see that woman, I did see someone I believe you know."  Taranis doesn't know his name.
			Elf male, acid marks on left half of face
		Taranis offers to ask the guy to meet Tetron in the garden
		Tetron explains that the guy is a friend
		Dude jumps out the window
	"Young Master, what are you doing here?"
		Dude's name is Mihail Awidi
		Tetron asks why he's in Andoran.
			Mihail took up work with Zaugia after Tetron left the family home
		Mihail's mom is the maid for the Pinellis
		He's working with Blaire
	House windows open
		Lady Margaret says to a servant that it's too cool in the house
		The three of them sneak their way out
		Zaknos brushes the gate, which makes a creaking noise
			Tetron tries to get Taranis to make the same noise, which is just convincing enough to work
		They leave the gate open.  Maid closes the gate and Mihail waves her off.
	Tetron asks if he has any ideas as to make up an excuse to Blaire
		Mihail asks to speak somewhere more privately
		Tetron takes him to Amos's
At Amos's
	Alice greets them.  Amos and Fleche are out.
	Tea is offered and taken.
	They've been playing Blaire's stuff off as a "phase"
	Blaire might move out in a year
	News of Chelish spies and armies gathering becoming more frequent
		Darkwood shortage has emboldened them
	Zaknos asks why an alibi is even necessary, as the behavior draws more attention
		Mihail explains that Margaret is a Chelish sympathizer, making her gossip a vital source of info
		Both Blaire and Mihail visit because Mihail likes to be able to visit his mother
	Mihail apparently took Tetron's grandfather's stories to heart, wanting to play the big hero
	Tetron asks for news on House Hyperius
		Mother is well, overrun by suitors
			Seems to talk more familiarly about Tetron's mom than would otherwise be expected
		Mihail's job was to guard Tetron
	Mihail is relieved to hear that Tetron is travelling with others
	Tetron tells Zaknos to go on ahead to the inn while he catches up with Mihail
	Unrestricted conversation now that they're alone
		Where's he staying?  Flat in Copperdown.
	Tetron knocks after conversation wraps up, hears no response, turns out Alice is asleep
	Fade to black
Zaknos walks back to the inns
	Everyone else is in bed by the time he arrives, and he goes to bed
	Zaknos is woken up by something small shaking his arm
		A raspy "hello?"
		He sees a small red winged creature with a derpy face
		"I was there when you signed the paper."
		"I'm here to remind you.  You have to do the quest thing."
		Zaknos doesn't recognize the creature.
		Zaknos claims he might have lost the contract.
		The imp vanishes to fetch someone else who can read.
		"I present the great Janice."  Another imp.  "Janice the Office Imp"
		Janice hands him a fresh copy of the contract.
			He'll be fined if he loses it again.
		The first imp is Ruger the Reminder Imp.
		"You agreed to kill the Lotheed family.  Are you going to do it or not?"
			"Refresh yourself."
			"If you don't, we get part of your soul or might kill you."
		Zaknos wants to get out, and knows that he could if he finds a loophole, but devil contracts are generally airtight.
		Zaknos asks for more time.
			Janice says that it would be a bunch of paperwork even to postpone a few months.  She was supposed to collect him today.
		Zaknos tries to think of something that would make Janice's effort worth it
			She threatens to attack the party.
		Nilbog is woken up by Zaknos "talking to himself"
			He sticks his ear to the wall to listen.
		Zaknos starts to make for the door.  Ruger tries to stop him.
		What does Janice want?
			Many things
				Small soul fragment - 
				Kill someone in cold blood (can't have an existing job) - two months
				Break a child's arm - one month
				Poison some of the water supply of some town
			Zaknos considers the soul fragment option
				Sounds more severe than it actually is, probably
				He offers more soul to have Ruger to follow him around to help
					He shakes on it.
					-10 max HP permanently
					Ages five years
					Three month postponement
		Janice gives Zaknos a medallion with a button on it to summon Ruger
		Nilbog sneaks out of his room and heads for Zaknos's room
		Nilbog tests the knob, it starts to open
			Janice peaces out
			He notices some of the effects of the aging
		Nilbog advises that Zaknos keep the door locked
		Nilbog asks who he was talking to if Tetron wasn't there
			Zaknos claims he had a nightmare
			Nilbog catches the lie
				He sits Zaknos down and asks if everything is okay
				"I don't even know if I want to make a sandwich shop anymore."
				"I don't even know who I am anymore."
				Nilbog legit notices the aging now
					"Did you get a haircut?"
				"I think I'm in trouble.  I'm in way over my head.  We're all in trouble now."
				Nilbog tries to be reassuring, assuming that Zaknos is having trouble adjusting to adventuring.
				They agree to get some more rest.
					After Nilbog makes Zaknos some lemonade.  With the lemon from Miles von Surtic.
	Nilbog goes back to wake Krug up
		"Something's not right with Zaknos.  How do people age?"
			"It takes time."  "Yeah, you'd think!"
		Nilbog takes Krug to quietly look at Zaknos.
			Krug can see the wrinkles and gray hairs and such.
			Nilbog explains that Zaknos was talking to himself.
			"Do you think Tetron did this to him?"
				Krug suggests magical communication, and Nilbog asks if aging is a side effect.
			Krug chalks it up to stress.
			Nilbog finds the white hairs that had fallen out and pockets them.
			Nilbog is disappointed that Krug doesn't know what's going on either.
				"We should ask him in the morning."
				This is the first time Krug hasn't had additional insight.
Next morning
	Zaknos stays asleep, and Tetron notices a char mark on the floor.  No magic detected.
		He makes a note of it for later.
		Zaknos is snoring louder than usual.
		Tetron takes a closer look.  Zaknos looks like he had a rough night.
	Breakfast: Nilbog is sus of Tetron
		Tetron asks what Nilbog has been up to.  Nilbog asks for a favor.
			"You know about magic, right?"
			Nilbog pulls out one of the white hairs.  "Is there anything magical about this?"
			No magic.
			Nilbog thinks Tetron is being flippant.
			Why was Tetron out so late?
				He says he was at Amos's and that they had gotten dinner (with some sandwich innovations).
				They ran into an old friend of his.
			How did Nilbog know that Tetron was out late?
				He heard him and Zaknos talking loud last night.
				"I was across town.  How would you hear about that?"
			Krug steps in and explains that he looked really tired.
				They had assumed that Tetron was messaging him.
			Nilbog claims that the door was unlocked and accuses Tetron of having left it like that.
			Krug asks whether anything stressful had happened.
				Tetron says that he did have something he wanted to talk about.
				He lays out the contract situation.  He does inform them that he is connected to the targets.
				Loophole, completion, failure, or nullification as ways out.
				Best option is to convince Astrid to nullify (Zaknos gets a payout)
				Krug posits that they could propose to the devils that the Lotheeds are better left alive.
		Viola and Alistair show up
			Krug explains that Zaknos showed up worse for wear
				This is what the single hair was about
	Zaknos wakes up and feels like utter ass
		He can tell by his reflection in his window that he has aged.
		He inspects the button.  It's a quarter-sized wooden square with a depressible disk.
		He presses the button and Ruger appears.
		Zaknos renames Ruger to "Chimpy the Impy"
			He likes the name
		Chimpy says that Nilbog and Krug had come by and drank the rest of the lemonade.
	The others arrive in Zaknos's room
		He admits that he's in trouble
		Nilbog gets a whif of dog breath and suggests that Zaknos was talking to a dog
		Zaknos asks Chimpy to explain to the party, which prompts him to turn visible.
			ROLL INITIATIVE
			It vanishes when Krug bops it with his shield
		Party plays a bit of 20 questions to get info out of Zaknos
			He has three months
			He has the ability to contact them again
			He doesn't know where he needs to go
		Tetron has more info
			Target is Lotheeds, including Martella, Tetron's former employer and right hand of Eutropia
Sarenrae temple
	As Zaknos enters, the button gets crazy hot and he's resistant to entering
		He doesn't explain what it is
		Alistair waits outside with the button on the ground
	Prayer
		Nilbog and Zaknos get a vision, and they overlook Augustana
		Zaknos is scared, and Nilbog tries to reassure him