A2S8
----

Picking up with Zaknos and Nilbog in a vision
	Small specks in the sky begin to approach
	The specks undulate in the way that birds don't
	They swirl
	Zaknos draws his bow
	Nilbog tries to identify: doesn't know what it is, but he's pretty sure it's good
	It's an archive angel (face surrounded by wings) surrounded by an angelic host (multiple gyrating ring entities)
	Nilbog to Zaknos: "we all find outselves in strange situations"  "there's always a way back" "trust in this"
	Archive angel speaks in an ethereal echoy voice
		Messanger of Sarenrae
		"Fiendish energy hung upon you"
		It asks what guidance they seek
	Nilbog prompts Zaknos to confess and ask for aid
		"I've done nothing wrong!"
	"We claim no wrongdoing of yours" They came seeking aid; what do they want?
	Nilbog speaks now: Zaknos's bound himself into a contract with devils
		"But it was for the greater good!"
	"Do you wish to fulfill this contract, or do you wish to break it?"
	Zaknos feels that more harm would come of trying to break it
	"These are the machinations of the wicked" "You have signed into a willing contract" "Even Heaven cannot break it" "We can send aid if you deign to fight this" "In your moment of need, we will send reinforcements"
	Zaknos asks for clarification: what do they mean by "fighting tooth and nail"?
		They can send angelic host to fight on the field of mortals.
		More than a little help may disrupt the balance.
		Holy charge to weapons or minor warrior
	Nilbog advises that they do indeed fight
	"The fiend resting on our steps hasn't truly sinned"
		Chimpy can be redeemed?
		Nilbog is surprised
		Can dismissed or destroyed (via dipping in holy water) only by Zaknos
		Redeeming is more difficult
			Pre-disposed toward evil
			If he does something truly selfless, his body would be destroyed, but his soul could find another vessel.
	Zaknos still struggles with not carrying out the task.  He's scared of not doing it.
		"Regrettable, but understandable."
		"BE WARNED" "Your soul is not complete." "If you are to fall while your soul is incomplete, you may not be raised."
			Zaknos can't be rezzed.
	Zaknos asks how to contact again
		"Your friend or the other amongst you, Krug Thorax, knows best."
	Feeling the end of the conversation, Nilbog starts rolling down the hill
	They fade away
Back at the Temple
	Krug notices Nilbog and Zaknos relax
	Krug can't quite get in the zone, as he feels the multitude of eyes upon him.  He looks around to see who's looking at him.
	A cleric approaches and asks whether everything is alright.
		Krug: "We came for some critical guidance."  Asks for privacy.
	Krug notices that Nilbog isn't fidgeting while praying; a first
	Zaknos wakes up, shouting "show me my mother!"
		This startles a ton of people.
		"Were you having an experience, but were you just frustrated?"
		Nilbog explains what they saw.
Alistair is outside
	Bustling street, many people going about their business
	Folks hawking religious wares
	Tetron walks away and starts talking to someone Alistair doesn't recognize
	Alistair notices something strange out of the corner of his eye
		He catches an older human man staring at him from behind a fruit stall
		What is the man wearing?  Business clothes.
		He's portly
	Alistair picks up the button and tries to inconspicuously go down an alley
		There's still a few people around, but it's a lot less crowded
		The man watched him go, but doesn't seem to have followed
		Alistair continues to navigate the back streets until he finds an unoccupied alley to grapple up to the top of some residence unseen
		He looks out over the street
			The man has come out from behind the fruit stall and checks the side street Alistair went down.  He gives up after a little bit and leaves.
	He hops across buildings and continues to track the man
	The man has a sizeable coin purse
	Dude sits and eats a crepe, peering toward where Alistair was
	Alistair continues to follow the man home (in the Slopes)
Back inside the temple
	That one cleric comes back and crouches next to Zaknos, asking if he is troubled
		"I think I need to get out of here."
	Krug excuses us
	Viola notices Alistair and Tetron not at the front.  The button is missing.
	Viola charges up to Tetron and demands to know where Alistair and "the thing" went.  Tetron doesn't know.
	Zaknos emerges and starts shouting for Chimpy and rummaging around for the button.
	Party needs to find Alistair
Alistair arrives at the guy's house
	Dude went inside, having finished the crepe
	Alistair starts back to the temple
Back near the temple
	Krug suggests going back to the inn to discuss further
	Zaknos insists that he needs the button
	Alistair walks up and Viola chews him out
		He explains that a dude was watching him, and then he followed the guy all the way home
Back to the inn
	Party weighs approach to breaking Zaknos's contract
	Nilbog brings up that the archive angel had mentioned fighting "tooth and nail"
	Viola, based on her theatre knowledge, figures that erinyes are almost as powerful as angels
	Krug proposes gathering other allies in addition to the Sarenraen help they'd already get
		Iomedae is brought up as a viable option
Viola and Krug to Copperdown
	They follow a series of arrows to find Mosely Pose's stall at the sewer outlet
	Viola approaches and startles Mosely
	Viola chants along to the slogan
	Viola says that they're there about the quest
	Mosely needs to capture children's laughter for a new product, a small pair of shoes
Alistair heads out
	He buys a hat of disguise
	He then stakes out the businessman's house to watch comings and goings
		1 maid and 3 butlers
		The guy doesn't come out
		Other guests come and go through the garden
		He can hear some dog noise
Viola and Krug find a place to perform
	Viola can't find an amphitheater, but she does find a grassy area in a park with a boulder to serve as a stage
	She kills it, with Krug helping to aid in telling the story of a kid growing up to become a knight
Outside Inheritor's Shield
	Two carts, not one
	Alistair and Zaknos up on roofs to keep watch
	Two groups: Alistair, Krug, Tetron/Viola, Zaknos, Nilbog
	Group one marches ahead of first cart
	First cart hits a trap, injuring one of its horses.
		Krug and Tetron spook the street urchins looking to capitalize on it.
		Krug heals the horse, removing the suspiciously sharp rock and using Battle Medicine and Warmth of the Sun
	Second cart has to take a different route due to the first one getting hung up.
		Nilbog tails, while Zaknos keeps pace and Viola scouts ahead.
		Cart comes to an underpass.
			Viola slowly weaves through traffic to make it to the other end of the tunnel.
			Zaknos makes himself comfortable inside the tunnel.
			Two thugs are there waiting.
			They confront Viola and Zaknos, who delay suspicion for a time.
				Viola claims to just be enjoying the evening air, despite the smell of mule urine in the air.
			Zaknos crosses the path and walks into a snare.  This prompts the thugs to ask him to get a move on, and Zaknos insults them.
				"I think I found where the piss smell is coming from."
			Combat!
	Meanwhile, Group 1 gets to a marketplace in Oldtown.
		More urchins.  Krug and Tetron go to confront after some deliberation.
		Krug warns of traps afoot.  Dude 