A3S18
-----

Unknown location
	Tetron's POV and his companions are crunching through snow
	Accustomed to moving quickly through the northern environ
	Tetron feels like these events playing out are ripping through his brain with immense speed and force
		He doesn't really have a sense of ego now
	This group goes by multiple towns, talking to multiple people
	The more Tetron experiences of this, the less he feels like he has identity
		Tetron tries to look down at himself
			He sees the snow on his boots
			His robes are not pristine, having needed mending magic
	He feels a hand on his arm
		A gnome with bright green hair is tugging at him
			"Are you sure about this, what with the storm at all?"
			Tetron: We should go back
			"Really?  You're usually the one pushing us forward."
			As Tetron goes to respond, he hears a more forceful "hey, hey!"
				The storm isn't that bad...  They could wait a few days
Fireday afternoon at the Basil Banner
	Nilbog is at the oven, putting a bit of charcoal in, then takes it out to warm his hands
	Zaknos is passed by Steph, the store's manager
		She insists that she be called Steph rather than Stephanie
		She had asked him to drop by today
	Zaknos has made a change to the menu:
		Unused bread is now being sold as salad croutons
			Soups have become more popular with this change, and autumn approaching
	Zaknos mulls over the stuff he talked about with Amos
		Still hasn't mentioned Amos's departure date yet (the 21st)
		He knows that the Aegis Coalition stuff is important
			Hell, that's what everyone else is doing right now
		He had offered to have us along rather than having to hire outside protection
		And, while there is some interest in heading in the direction of Cassomir, there isn't any significant plan to head that way yet
	Zaknos suddenly decides to declare half-off sandwiches
		And then asks Steph whether they have the inventory for it
		Steph: Why the generosity?  We're not advertising it
			Zaknos asks Nilbog for an idea
				Fire Sub Firedays!
				Zaknos says that they're going to do that as a secret promotion for mid-month Firedays
	A red-haired halfling enters, comes to the counter
		She asks for the place's strongest ale and a sandwich
		After paying, she goes into a corner and starts eating
		Zaknos considers whether he recognizes her: he does not
Outside the Cerulean Keep
	Krug and Alistair had just inquired about Irontarn
		They have a location and a description, so back to tell Tetron
Back in the snow
	It's been a couple weeks
	Tetron determines that the trapper is still alive
	It's laborsome to move up the large hills as snow pelts them in the face
		Tetron: Any shelter nearby?
			Yes, there has been for the larger storms
			Shelters, caves (sometimes already occupied and have to be cleared)
		Not worth stopping over; normal for the latitude
	Tetron catches up to Mollick, "Can you answer a question"
		"Sure"
		Tetron: Are we doing the right thing by coming up here?
			Mollick: Kind of crazy, but it's for the good of your research.  Can't say no to you.
		Tetron: Just to make sure, do you understand the research?
			Mollick: Are you condescending me?
			Tetron: I want to be sure.
			Mollick explains that a cataclysmic battle happened up here.  Aroden fought a demon made of locusts and its followers.  Aroden sealed the demon under LoMaV.  This was the most recent time and place Aroden was seen in-person by mortals.
				Hasn't done so for hundreds of years, and has been more sequestered in Axis (lawful neutral plane) or other outer sphere planes.
			Lots of cultists died here, plenty to salvage here, including artifacts
				Bringing this stuff back would be great for Arodenites and other religions fighting evil
			Satisfactory explanation by Mollick
				Some minor omissions, but it's cool
			Tetron sus-checks his "own" motivations and considers those omissions
				Tetron knows that when beings of great power perish, the places of their death will be marked for a long time
					The landscape is shaped by their death, or like a magical nuke
				But it's not just the demon
					A god touching down here would also have an effect like that
				This is in pursuit of obtaining the most knowledge or power
					Any evidence or motes of power are fading from this place
					The sooner the team can get there, the more he can take for himself
					Aroden is a great example of this
						He went to Arcadia, found a tree, and put part of his being in that tree to gain access to its power
					He identifies with Aroden like that
		Tetron: What is the date here?  Am "I" keeping track?
				Summer of 4605
					Tetron's grandfather has just turned 18
						Doesn't even have full facial hair yet
				Present Tetron knows that Aroden dies in 4606
				Have been travelling for three months
				Tetron recognizes that there is a long trip ahead of the team
					"Tetron" knows that, for the past 172 years, there have been occassional, measurable, random pulses that rattle magical ability in the area
						Chance is small, but there's a chance
						However, he does know that messing with anti-magic areas is bad
		Tetron: We should slow down, keep our energy
			Mollick: Is something wrong?  Are you dehydrated?
				Tetron: I'm trying empathy on for size.
Present day, back at the university
	Krug and Alistair arrive back at the hallway they last saw Tetron at
		Students around, nervously waiting for office hours
		No Tetron in sight
	Krug: Did he go back to the inn?
		Alistair: Maybe...
	Alistair looks for people who look like they know things
		Students around
			One whispering alchemical formulae to themselves
				Have definitely been sitting around for a long time
				Alistair approaches him
					"We've misplaced our wizard"
					Have you seen a flashy wizard with weird buns in his hair?
					Student: He's been in the office for an hour!  No one's answering!
	Alistair knocks on the door himself
		No response
		Student has been trying every 20 minutes
			They're trying to take a make-up quiz
			Their next class is in an hour and a half
		Alistair tries the door: it's unlocked
			Open 'er up
			They see Tetron sitting away from the door, stiff as a board, gripping the living shit out of his staff (blood from splinters)
			The gnomish professor is reaching over his desk, gripping Tetron tight, with his eyes glazed over
			Krug: What's going on?
			Student is weirded out
			Alistair looks for Taranis
				Found
				Krug: What's going on?
				Taranis: I'm extremely concerned.  I've pecked Daddy five times
				Alistair: Did the professor do this?
					Couldn't tell
				Krug: What was going on?
					Tetron was asking the professor about the origin of his visions
				Alistair reaches to pry the staff away from Tetron
					Krug: Wait.  Could be dangerous.  Could be some kind of ritual
					Alistair: Should we get a magic professor to help?
						Krug: Maybe?
				Alistair to student: Any professors around who could help?
					Krug: Maybe one who knows about visions?
					Alistair: Enchantment or divination?
					Student: Prof Lebrun, few doors down
		Alistair goes to Lebrun's office
			Finds that it's a shared office between Mr. and Ms. Lebrun
			Alistair knocks
			Response from the male
			Alistair reports the strange trance
				Before Alistair finishes, Lebrun hurries to grab his equipment and goes over to Mollick's office
		Back in Mollick's office
			Lebrun attempts analysis from the doorway
				Opens a large tome and casts a spell, seeming to conjure a large amount of wind
					Paperwork in Mollick's room goes apeshit
At the Eight Cups Theatre
	Viola finds an awkward air there
		Dana bounces towards her, matinee went well
		Dana asks about the half-elf interaction
			Viola mentions his use of the term "visage"
				He's kind of a poet, albeit kind of bad at it
			She thinks he fancies Viola
				He goes after all the ladies around
				Viola will take that under advisement
	Last-minute rehearsals
		The half-elf can't meet Viola's gaze as they spar
			The choreographer calls him out
			Viola warns him that not watching her is dangerous
				He mutters an apology
	Hour before showtime, crowds filing in
		Viola sees Reglin, who gives her weird glances every so often
			She asks to speak to him privately
			He asks what she goes by now
				Viola
	In a costume closet
		Viola: Do I really look that much like my mother?
			Cut hair, did makeup different, changed posture
			Yeah.  Spitting image.
				Damn it.
			Like, even a guy I've never met recognized!
				He worked with mom pretty recently.
		Viola: Speaking of mom, what happened?
			Fell from the rafters in the theatre.
			Dad had to take a job in Timberfell
				Viola: Oh no.  Bad folks up there
				Reglin: Why do you care?
				Viola: I'm an adventurer now, and I know a lot about what's going on up there
		Reglin: Dad's been different
			Viola: Since I left or mom's fall?
			Since you left
			Fell off the wagon on acting
		Viola: Okay, thank you
		Reglin: Do you want me to ignore you once we leave this room?
			It's fine, but please call me Viola
Back in Tetron's vision
	He's at a camp fire, Mollick and him keeping watch
	Tetron wonders whether "he" has had a romantic interest
		The bloodline has to continue afterall
		Taldor as a society doesn't make much deliniation between partner and lover
			But for the joining of houses, marriages are generally selected by family and are critical
			"Tetron" would already have been married
				Marriage wasn't long ago
					Conception could theoretically have happened during post-marriage
				When does he expect to return?  Years?
					"Years" is such a limited timescale
						"Tetron" doesn't aspire to lichdom or anything, but... humans are fleeting
						Other mortals have found ways of living longer, like druids
						Other ways exist...
	Does Tetron still have a separate consciousness at this point?
		He's comfortable now
Tetron suddenly conscious in Mollick's office
	Ripped out, made whole, robbed of some great wealth of knowledge and power
	Finds himself tense, splinters in his hand, Mollick having just let go to reveal a white mark
	Mollick recoils in pain, bleeding out his nose
	Tetron also suffers the pain
	Is Mollick okay?
		He seems to have handled it better than Tetron
	Tetron: I guess my ancestor didn't die without imparting something into this staff
		Mollick: What?
	Lebrun insists that both be taken to medical
		As they leave, Alistair: what happened?
			Tetron: I wish I knew
	All four arrive at medical
		Tetron and Mollick get treated
		Krug: What did this gnome do to you?
			Mollick: I should ask the same!  I told you this was dangerous!
				Tetron: I didn't think it'd affect you!
					Where can I find some gloves to prevent this?
			Krug: So not Mollick's fault.
				Tetron: No, it's mine.  Rather, my curse.
				Mollick: Yes, a curse.
		Lebrun taking notes
		Alistair: Do you need a cleric like Viola did?
			Lebrun: Medical will treat him
			Alistair: No, the curse
				Tetron: Visions from my ancestors
			Lebrun: Could be useful, but the fact that Mollick was affected too means that it'd be hard to find a cleric powerful enough.
				Tetron: If this isn't a curse, what do I do?
					Lebrun: Strength of will
						Tetron: Sure
						Lebrun: Seriously!  Know yourself, your family history!
						Tetron: All I have are legends
						Lebrun: Legends aren't truth.  Find the truth.
		Tetron to Mollick: This was important, I'm sorry for getting you involved, I won't involve you further if you don't wish
		Alistair: What do we do if we find Tetron like this again?
			Lebrun: Cast dispel magic at a high level.  Failing that, try to snap him out of it without touching him.
				Krug: Throw a rock!
					Might damage the staff
					Krug: I'm concerned about him entering that state during an urgent moment.
				Tetron: Alternatively, could separate myself from the staff, but I still draw power from it...  Gloves?
					Lebrun: Mundane gloves are insufficient.  However, some kind of barrier enchantment could work, but that might affect spellcasting.
					Tetron: In that case, I need a wand of dispel magic...  Well, someone else could use it
						Would need to be adept LAP in order to purchase it
		Tetron to Mollick: How much did you see?
			Mollick: Saw much of my time in the space
				Little agency
			Tetron: Had some sense of self, had some control, but lost myself along the way
				Unsettling
					Mollick agrees
			Tetron: Were things as you remember, even our conversations?
				Yes.
Alistair goes to look for Mistress Wynn
	He heads to the orphanage to ask Sal where she lives
		Accomplished
	Wynn's cottage is on the other side of the river, over near The Half
	As Alistair approaches, he notices that The Half is less lively than it normally is, almost completely quiet
		Kids are being hurried along
		Folks are getting what they need from the market and leaving
	It looks like Wynn is in
		He knocks
		She opens the door, she looks very tired
			Red hair, starting to gray
		Alistair apologizes if he's intruding while she isn't feeling well
		But does she have the thing Dorfinn mention
			Wynn: Oh!  Yes!  Come in!
	They enter the cottage.  It's cozy
		It looks like she's been in for over a day
		She asks if he has time to make a trip
			Sure, don't have anything else planned tonight
	They leave, a key in Wynn's hand
		They walk up to Dorfinn's old shop
			It's been closed since the bad job
		She mentions that she'd been out due to being called for jury duty
			Halflings like to solve their issues internally
		Wynn opens the door into a dusty interior
		Wynn goes up a ladder in the restroom, has to reach up for a box on top of a shelf
			Doesn't look heavy, fortunately
			She asks him to catch it for her
				He does
		It's an unremarkable box, not substantially hefty
			She doesn't know what's inside
		Inside, there are three items
			A basket for like fruits or something
			A cloth, beautiful, greenish blue, skily, not particularly large
			A note
				Handwriting is unfamiliar
				But the text is familiar, as it's been told to him before
		Wynn says that she was told to keep the cloth hidden
			It's what he was swaddled in
			Dorfinn didn't give her the specifics
				He said that she should make it the trim of Alistair's cloak
			Alistair: Why did Dorfinn keep it?
				Sal entrusted it to him for safe keeping
		Wynn: Potentially not my place, but did you know...
			The Greencloaks were always relatively good
			Dorfinn became a lot softer after the arrival of this item
			Don't really know what that means, it's hearsay, but a lot of the way he ran the guild was influenced by the cloth
			Apparently, he had some sort of encounter with "something"
				Alistair: Surprising, I didn't meet him until I was five
					I have more questions
					Wynn: Me too!  When do I get to stop dusting this place?
		Wynn: If you give me your cloak, I'll do the trim
			I'll have this back to you at the inn in the next day or so
	Alistair heads back to rejoin the party
Back at the inn
	Krug brings Tetron back to rest
		Tetron eventually remembers to ask about Irontarn
	Krug: Shall we go to Viola's performance?
Eight Cups Theatre
	"Damsel Lynn the Stressed" is a scathing social commentary on Taldan gender roles
	Viola's role is as a mercenary who gets mistaken for Lynn and has to fight the pursuer
	Krug wants to sit close to the front so that Viola can see that they're there
	The play opens irreverantly, taking the piss out of the wordiness of Taldan play narrations
	Production quality is decently good
	Viola and the half-elf's scene comes up
		He's engaged
		Viola, not wanting to repeat the trauma, goes at a 4 out of 5 intensity, since it seems like the half-elf is up to it
		Viola leaps out, wearing men's clothing
			Obviously nowhere near her real combat prowess, but it's a show
	Bow at the end, Viola holding the half-elf's hand
		She can easily pick out Krug when she looks for the party
		He's having trouble scrunching down enough to allow people to 
		Tetron joins the middling standing ovation
			Others follow suit
			Nilbog uses his bucket to stand even higher on his chair
Back at the inn, foggy evening
	Finally able to catch up
		Zaknos: Amos's departure via wagon to Cassomir
			3 days left
		Viola: Need to get Dad out of Timberfell
		Alistair: Should locate Irontarn in Timberfell
			Probably get her out
			Tetron: Should consult with her first
			Alistair: I also have some folks to get out
			Tetron: When do we have time?
				Krug: Can't do tomorrow
				Viola: Sunday?
		Tetron: Can we talk about something bigger than Timberfell?
			Alistair: Are you going to tell Viola about the trance?
				Viola: The what?
			We get caught up
			Zaknos: Could we have some kind of kill-switch?
				Tetron: It's lucid, but I can't wake up, like someone has a pillow on my face
			He goes into the specifics
				Starts with the Aroden research
					What did Krug and Alistair find?  Summarized
				Tetron looked into the Shield of Aroden
					Likely that Coalition would be interested in it
					Tetron to Zaknos: Should perhaps exclude Chimpy?
						Zaknos did "amend" the contract
					Zaknos summons Chimpy
						We're going to talk about crazy stuff, pop out when we're done
						Chimpy: I have opinions!  I want to participate!
							I realized what I wanted: for people to be my friend
					Tetron explains to Chimpy the concept of keeping secrets among the friends
						Chimpy agrees
					Tetron explains the Shield
					He knows from his visions that they are real and from his ancestor
						He lived before Aroden's fall
						While he was alive, he was treking to LoMaV
							Same as Savaxis's docs
							Same as penguin tengu
							Was the last place Aroden was seen in-person before dying
							Was there to absorb power
							Might be a prime place for the Coalition to try to rez Aroden
					Tetron produces the "toast"
						This is the shield
						Chimpy asks whether 
						Viola: If this is it, then we can't let it get anywhere near the Coalition
							If we take it tomorrow, and we die, then they get it
						Alistair: Would it be bad if the Coalition were successful in bringing him back?
							Tetron: It was nuts when he went out, it would be nuts if he came back
						Alistair: This seems like a lot for us...  Shouldn't we hand it off to someone trustworthy?
							Gov't or good-aligned church?
							Tetron: Would put a target on a hypothetical priest's back
							Alistair: Don't they have strong vaults?
								Viola: The coalition could have someone on the inside
							Krug: What happens to Iomedae if Aroden comes back?
								Dunno
							Alistair: Could trust Pharasmins
								Viola: Pharasma as a deity could be trusted, since she knows about everyone who's ever died
									But there could still be someone on the inside
			Tetron: For now, we do nothing, let's focus on what we're doing tonight
				Viola: I'm going to go find out where my dad is
					Meet up later
				Krug: Should catch up with Irontarn
					See whether the gas canisters are for tomorrow
				Does Chimpy know anything about what's going on in Timberfell?
					Yes.  Talk at the water cooler.
					The powerful orc (Gavel Tarsus) has been amassing canisters of Addlebrain
						Afraid of military action from Cheliax soon
						Consortium is coming down on her
						If someone comes, that's what the gas is for
							Fucks with people's brains
							It's inert usually, but being set on fire makes it potent
					Tetron: Any plans to use it directly?  Tomorrow?
						No.
						Passed a little extra to a another group
							Prob the Clutch
		Chimpy asks for something, since he's been so helpful
			He hasn't had real nourishment
			He wants blood
				From a sentient being
			Tetron proposes an arrangement:
				If we kill someone, and Chimpy is discreet about it
					Chimpy needs for them to be alive
					But if they're dying, he'd be happy to suck all the blood and even the soul
						WOAH, NO SOULS
			We ask Chimpy to hold off
			Zaknos offers to chat more about it before bed
				Viola: DO NOT FEED HIM YOUR BLOOD
				Zaknos considers the implications
					Wouldn't be too harmful to him
		Tetron: So, Timberfell, then?
			Everyone is on board
			Krug: Want to make sure nothing's happening tomorrow
			Viola: How should we meet up after I go find out where my dad is?
				Alistair: I have to go inquire about something first too
				Let's meet at the bridge between Hevring and Timberfell
	And break!
		Agenda for next 30 minutes
			Viola to hospice in Liberty
			Alistair to safehouse in Castoff
			Tetron reallocating spells
			Zaknos chatting with Chimpy privately
			Krug straight to the bridge
	Zaknos in his room
		He tells Chimpy that he'll consider it on a daily basis
	Tetron in his room
		Spell slot switching
			3 spells
Viola to the hospice
	The receptionist says that they're closed to visitation
	Viola just wants info
	Receptionist: Can only give info to approved persons on the list
		Viola: Wanda?
		Yes.
	Viola asks where her dad lives
		Sharehouse in Castoff, near where Chase lives
Viola to her dad's place
	She knocks
	Voice from within: I'm working on the shipments!  I'll get it done!
	Viola: It's Wanda.  It's important.
	Dad opens the door, he looks haggard and has definitely aged the past three years.
		He lets her in
	Viola: Stop working in Timberfell, it's too dangerous
		Dad: Need the gold for Mom
		Viola: How much?
		Dad: More than you could possibly...  100 gp to cover her expenses.
		Viola: I can pay that.  I have it now.
			Dad: HOW?
			Viola: I'm an adventurer, like I always wanted
				I love it all
				I didn't come here to seek your acceptance, just to warn you
					Dad: That's too dangerous!  I don't want you to get hurt.
	Dad: Regardless of how you choose to live your life as an adult, I still love you
		Viola: There's a lot of hurt.  Not sure if I can reciprocate.
	Viola: I'll go pay for Mom's stuff
		Dad: Thanks for coming by.  Maybe next time, it'll be both of us.
		Viola: Maybe
Alistair at the safehouse
	He relays info about things going down in Timberfell soon
		Just trying to gather info
	They offer backup
		Alistair says that we're going to scope things out first
		If stuff does go down, is there a signal to give?
			Cara hands him two flares
				It's really bright, so get away after setting it
At the bridge
	How to get in?
		Alistair: Swimming across Andoshen is too dangerous and bridge is too long and open.
		Alistair: Do we just go in normally?
		Tetron: We could use the sewers
To Castoff Place safehouse
	Subtlely, following Alistair's example
	Arriving at a safehouse
		Person there: Who are the others?
			Alistair introduces us as his adventuring party
		Alistair: Does anyone know a subtle way to get into Timberfell?
			Hevring bridge is NOT the play
			We're led to small storage room beneath the residence
				Set up as a meeting space
			The rest of us see Cara and Stareye for the first time
				They debate whether they can condone this
					He does have us adults with him
			There's a hole that's plugged up with trash
				Stareye: It'll smell in here...
			Alistair: We don't need to go this way.  We just need to get into Timberfell
				They pull out a sketch map of their knowledge of the sewer system
					Cara: We don't use this access point anymore, but it's the most direct route into Timberfell
						It's for industrial waste
						Someone else could be using it now
						Alistair recognizes that it's where Dorfinn's shared space with Sloane was
			Alistair: Any entrance to an old place beneath the Fields of Concord
				How old we talking?
					Alistair: Buried during the eruption
					Oof
					Alistair: We know about an official entrance
					Yeah, no, we don't know
						And we don't disrespect the temples
			Tetron takes a closer look at the sewer map
				He's permitted to copy it
				Will put it into the Pellsieve later
				Potential routes
					More direct through wide channels
					Side routes through more residential, narrower channels via Tamuth/Half
					Route under the Andoshen via Flags, going super deep
				Decision...
					Tetron: Flags route to perhaps get info on the Aroden temple, most likely faster
						Half want Flags, other half don't care
Entering the sewers from Flags

XP
--
30
