A3S12
-----

Timewarp: Moonday afternoon
	Party minus Viola and Krug walks past Amos
		He invites Zaknos to a sandwich place that is closing
		Zaknos is familiar with the brand
	They do themed sandwiches
	They go in and find a sad-looking woman at the counter
		Amos introduces her as "Jordi" to Nilbog
		Amos asks for one last batch
			Only enough for a few flavors
	While sandwich is being made, Amos turns to Zaknos
		News about his father
		Is cool to talk about in front of Nilbog
		Background: when his dad travels, he'd always take brother and sister
		Zaknos's brother is enrolled at a military academy in Galt now
			Odd, because brother was always quiet and crafts-oriented
			However, a few years ago, he developed some interest in swords
		Amos asks if anything odd happened at the Gomim house?
			Memory: Mother suddenly yeets her sewing kit out the house in response to argument with Father
			Zaknos admits that dad was violent
				Amos surprised
					Anything happen to Zaknos?
						No, it was only ever implied
		Zaknos's dad has apparently gotten involved with some kind of religion thing in Galt
			Amos: Do you know of a man named Korran Goss?
				Zaknos and Nilbog know the name: he's an old guy who's an advisor to the head of the current "government", serving as a head of religion of sorts
				Zaknos knows also that Goss is hailed as a religious figure (Joel Osteen type)
					Somewhat divisive figure
					Zaknos's dad working for this guy isn't surprising to him...
	Sandwiches are ready!
		As they eat, Amos asks if Zaknos was still interested in owning a sandwich shop
			The person is selling
			The place isn't anything to write home about
			Amos says that it could be a good starting point
	Zaknos asks the lady why she's closing up
		She used to have two sons and a daughter
		The sons died
		She and the daughter aren't enough to run the store
		Want to do something smaller and closer to home
		Amos offers condolences that they died
			She says that it isn't fair how they died
		She asks if Zaknos is interested in taking over
			Sure
			There are existing employees who can be taken over
			Amos is happy to help with the down payment
		They get down to business
	Zaknos and Nilbog work together all the way to the night
Timewarp: Moonday night
	Meeting in the inn room about Chimpy
		Zaknos summons Chimpy
			He's in stealth mode
			"I don't mind being visible to your friends, but..."  Shield crush incident
			Viola assures him that we won't hurt him
		Chimpy reveals himself
		Krug apologizes about crushing Chimpy
		Viola and Tetron start trying to butter Chimpy up about trying to make something of himself
		Alistair asks if positions can be taken by violence
		Trying to divorce Chimpy from the corporate mentality
			He's been an intern for 400 years
				Apparently, they generally last 200-300 years
		We insist that he isn't as stupid as his co-workers insist
			It's not fair that he hasn't been taught how to read
		Chimpy summons the contract
			Zaknos reads it aloud
			He gets to the part where Chimpy's beholden to the company, but instead lies that he's beholden to whoever controls him
		He's apparently been told to "live, laugh, love"
			Has he even loved?
				No
		Viola: What does Chimpy want?
			He doesn't know
			He'll think about
	Zaknos puts the tamagachi aside and admits to lying
		It's chill
	Anything else before bed?
		Viola brings up the White Water Spear quest
Timewarp ends: Toilday morning
	Krug did sleep well, but he's ill at-ease from the dream
	Zaknos wishes Chimpy good morning
		He claims to be on-board with the plan
		They're none the wiser
	Tetron sends Taranis out the window with a note to Cyrus
	Krug: Did anyone else have the dream?
		No
		Hungry, spooky voice
		He ate the voice's food
		It was cold, but the area around the food was warm and lush
		It wanted him to eat the food, though
		Alistair: a Desna cleric could help?
		Tetron: It was cold?  Where was it?
			There was mist, but no water.
			Tetron mentions that he's had dreams in a similar climate
	What now?
		Viola complains that they haven't heard about the prisoner
		The religion thing, we guess?
	Tetron gets his response from Cyrus
		Taranis is carrying more stuff that expected
			He has food on his beak
			Response letter
				Agree
				Cyrus has proposed a location
			Flower
Walk across town to Spillover
	Spillover is more structured than Tent'lund
		There was an attempt to make it permanent
		Still dregs, though
	We go to some backstreets
		Rustling and stuff from above here
	Doesn't look like any place to worship around here...
		Look around?
	As we talk, the banging stops
		White-haired goblin woman pokes her head out
			She's swole
			Carrying bag of bricks
			She asks what we need
				Krug says that we're here about the blessing
				She goes apeshit
	She fangirls all over us once she gets down to street level
		She's been building a temple
		Had dreams as to where to build it
			Convenient for people on this side of town
		She's not a cleric
			She can build, but she needs someone to bless
		Krug: That sounds great!
	She notices Nilbog
		She compliments him on his mutations
	Zaknos introduces himself in goblin
		Goblin: Are you people sent by Sarenrae herself?!
	Nilbog admires her dedication
	She finally introduces herself as Prig
		Zaknos asks if he can call her "Priggy"
			Fine
	Prig: her dad would be happy to meet us
		Died a few years ago
	Prig asks if we want to see the place
		She tries to temper our expectations, but Nilbog interrupts her saying that any place of worship is nice
	Prig: do we recieve directions from Sarenrae
		Krug: only sometimes, where we really need it
	Prig explains that the dreams have been telling her to build it out in the woods
		Tetron wonders if there's a spell to hijack dreams...
		Krug explains that his dreams and visions are much more vague
			He's doubtful that it's actually Sarenrae
			Prig has been having them since her childhood
		Tetron knows about Dream Message
			He explains that it could be easy to do this
			Prig insists that she's a true believer
	Krug: Are there others?
		She has a friend
		She goes to get them
	While Prig is gone, Tetron turns to Nilbog and asks what he thinks of Prig
		Internally, Nilbog is frustrated, because he hasn't had anywhere near that experience
			However, Krug has had a longer journey with Sarenrae, but Nilbog built his relationship faster
			He's not used to getting dunked on like this
	Prig comes back with a lizardfolk
		(looks more like a horned toad)
		Named Gingrich
		Gingrich asks about us saying that the dreams being fake
			Viola clarifies that we just have suspicions
		Known Prig since they were children
	Louis: How old is Prig?
		She's 30 in goblin years (6 in real time)
			Which means she's been having the dreams for 4 to 5 years
	Zaknos pulls the group aside
		We're being awfully hard on her...
		Krug: Trying to figure out what the endgame could be
		Zaknos: Why are we so sus?
			Viola: Nowhere has ever portrayed religious visions as anything but vague
				Plays, books, Krug and Nilbog specifically
	While we're talking, Gingrich whispers
		I told you when we were kids that the dreams weren't real
	We return to Prig and Gingrich
		We're not against the temple, even the non-Sarenites
		We're just concerned for Prig's safety that she's being used
Out to the woods
	Carefully laid rockwork
		Super impressive work for only one person
		Materials that were used are way nicer than could be found in Spillover
			Prig must be doing this at great personal cost
	Nilbog: Are there other religious buildings built like this?
		Not that he's ever heard of
		No main hall for worship or anything
		Very odd
		Could it be a more defensible position instead?
			Kind of, but the walls aren't high or reinforced
			Also in a low-lying aread
		What he does recognize...
			The space in front is empty, cleared out almost in a manner where people could do something in the space below
	Prig says she heard the voice as we came in
		No one else heard it
	Tetron detects magic
		The entire area is coursing with magic
		He asks Alistair to read aura
			On what?  A stump.
			Strong conjuration aura!
	We're even more sus
	Krug: How far does this magic reach
		Tetron: can be really far, dream message is planetary
	Nilbog asks for forgiveness from Prig before trying to push over a bit of wall
	Krug: Did the voice ask her to bring someone to consecrate it?
		No.  She just figured that, since it was nearing completion...
	Let's look around
		Bring Gingrich, leave Prig
			Viola: Not comfortable leaving Prig all by herself
				Nilbog volunteers to stay behind
		Tetron scans to see what the boundaries of the conjuration magic are
			It seems to only be in or near the grove
		Looking for signs of activity
			Normal people do come out here occassionally, so there's normal stuff
		Zaknos the survivalist...
			Most humans aren't capable of marking the terrain in the way that he's found...
				Gashes in a rock
				Tree that was sundered
				Stuff that's old, though
				Sigils drawn around on some stones
		Alistair does a thorough sweep of the structure, including the well
			Nothing
	Prig turns to Nilbog
		She asks how Nilbog found Sarenrae
			He tells her about meeting Krug
			He'd been in a bad place
		She says that she doesn't remember a time before the dreams
			"Sarenrae" claims that she'll play an integral role
			Family is important
		Prig: Say this person isn't Sarenrae... am I not a Sarenrae believer
			Nilbog insists that she still is
			She may need to rediscover Sarenrae
			She asks because she always felt like she was welcomed in existing temples, but they didn't feel like they were for her
				Building this one makes it a place for her
			"What if Sarenrae doesn't want me?"
				Nilbog: Look at him and Krug; they aren't the typical type
					He's always felt like she's accepted him
				She just wants to make sure that, no matter what happens, that she doesn't worship someone who doesn't want her praise
					Nilbog: Has the voice made her feel that way?
						No, she always talks about growing the family
							Nilbog is getting some cultish vibes
								Family is a strange choice of words
					Who is she planning on building this family with?
						She was building with her dad
						And she has Gingrich
		Prig says that her dad wasn't religious, but he always supported her
			He was her only family
			She doesn't know who her mom was
				But he doesn't know either
				Her dad's a dwarf
					She assumes that he must have gotten super turnt
				Did her mom just leave her at the doorstep?
					Apparently
					She never thought much of it because a lot of folks in Spillover come from broken families
		Regardless of what his ancestry is, her dad is her dad
	On his way back, Krug hears cackling laughter in his head
		No one else heard it
		Viola: The same as last night?
			Maybe?
		Prig heard something too
			But it was comforting
			Nilbog: What did she hear?
				Just the word "friends"
	Tetron brings out Taranis
		Count heads from above
		Then do it again with See Invisibility
			Taranis doesn't see a creature, but, concentrated around the building, is energy diverting to another plane
	Krug tries to see if the site has been descecrated
		Doesn't look like it
		However, the structure is older than the goblin is
			Something was here before
	Alistair considers Almas Lore
		Several years ago, there was an incident in Spillover
		He heard whisperings about something having been removed from Spillover
			It had been injuring the minds of the townsfolk
		The creature has been referenced as a boogeyman of sorts
		There was a night hag coven
			They were eliminated one at a time over a long period
			Took a while to get the military's attention
		He communicates this to the party
			We've heard of night hags
			Prig is a changeling
				FUCK
	We break the news to Prig
		She's not convinced
		Gingrich starts to back away
			We stop him, might be sus
	Alistair suggests heading back and talking to someone actually involved in the hag removal
		Allows Gingrich to leave while keeping an eye on him
		Should we try to damage the structure before we leave?
			Gingrich is suddenly super on-board, which is sus
				Nah, he's just shitting himself
	Prig says that she could consult the voice
		Tetron pulls her over and casts see invisibility on her
			She sees the energy
			Oh shit...
	Alistair: Could Krug and Nilbog just bless the place themselves and stop it from coming?
		Nilbog thinks about it and knows that there is a Consecrate ritual
			In fact, Krug and Nilbog, having studied at a temple prior to the campaign, they already know it
		We should get other people involved
			Would shorten the ritual
Back into town
	To the authorities!
		We find a guard post at the gate into Almas
		Tetron explains the situation
		One of the guards was around at the time
			They lived out in the woods
			Two were found and killed in a couple of months
			One more held out for a couple more years
		In order to actually have the cops do something, we'd have to file paperwork and they'd get back to us in 3 to 5 business days
			Never mind
	To the Sarenites!
		The Sarenite temple in Almas is difficult to miss
		It's called the Sundew Temple
		Beautiful, clergy are finely dressed
		We're welcomed in
		Nilbog pays a gold to see a priest privately
			Non-Sarenties stay behind
				But Nilbog urges Alistair to come along
			Nilbog asks him to pray with Prig
			Dude is Cleric Hallan
			Prig starts to explain her situation
		Nilbog prays for Prig's safety
			CRIT!!!
			Sense of warmth washes over them
				Comforting
		After prayers, Nilbog explains the situation to Hallan
			Asks for aid of more veteran people
		Hallan speaks to comfort Prig
			It's okay that she's a changeling
			That does not reflect on her
			Her faith is genuine and strong
			Even if her actions were guided by a malevolent hand, she is always welcome
			He is down for the idea that Spillover has its own temple
			He's confident that he'd be able to gather folks to aid us
				What's the timeline?
					Let's ask the others
		Zaknos jumps right in: right now
		Hallan goes to gather folks for a while
			FIVE!!!
			This'll bump the casting down to 1 day
				And it's still the morning!  We have time today!
Back to the clearing
	Starting the ritual
		Primary caster: Nilbog (religion)
		Secondary casters: Prig (crafting), one of the priests (performance)
	Ritual completes at 5 PM
		"And so let it be cleansed, in Sarenrae's name."
		CRIT SUCCESS
			Option: Larger radius or 10-year duration
				10 YEARS!
		We hear a horrible shrieking sound from the center of the mound
		The night hag appears, severely weakened
			She looks goblin-esque
	ROLL INITATIVE
		Round 1
			Hag hops down from the mound, then pushes some kind of aura at Zaknos (he hears her voice in his mind) and he resists
			Zaknos marks the hag as his prey, then quick-draws his bow (dropping his snacks) and shoots three times, missing twice and critting once
			Nilbog casts wall of fire to surround the hag
			Tetron casts enervation, hitting both Zaknos and the hag (2d8 persistent negative damage)
			Krug moves toward the hag and draws his scimitar
			Viola moves toward the hag, stows her sword and pulls out her throwing knife
			Alistair moves over toward the fire and readies a strike if she emerges from the fire
			The aiding clerics approach and two of them are able to cast divine lance, critting
		Round 2
			Hag takes the persistent damage (no recovery), casts ethereal jaunt to try to escape, disappearing; however, due to the consecration, we can see a shimmer of her position
			Zaknos attempts to grab at the hag, but he only catches air
			Viola and Alistair move to defend Prig
		Round 3
			The hag reappears and swipes at Zaknos, hitting twice (Krug glimpses), she recovers from ennervate
			Zaknos puts away his bow, then quick draws his longsword, missing thrice
			Nilbog one-action heals Zaknos, then casts fireball (hag crit succeeds)
			Tetron casts ennervate again (hag crit succeeds), then moves to help flank
			Krug exits the consecration to flank, then makes a lucent strike, hitting
			Viola runs up and bon mots the hag, succeeding
			Alistair runs up and stabs, hitting
			The priests miss their divine lances
		Round 4
			Hag moves behind the group and casts shadow blast, which covers all party except Viola and Tetron, plus a priest (Krug glimpses for Alistair)
			Zaknos moves to flank and slashes, missing twice and critting once, killing the hag (stabs her in the mouth and rips it in half)
Zaknos gets his second relic gift
	He feels a pulse at his chest

XP
--
60
30
10