A3S10
-----

Moonday Morning
	Talking to Kuktun
		Tetron: Getting Zaknos out on incompetence?
			Probably not, given Radiant Dawn's accomplishments
		Kuktun: How guarded is the target?
			Martella is part of royalty's inner circle
		Kuktun: Was it meant to be failed?
			Maybe
			Viola: Wait, why did he get an extension?
				Perhaps piecemeal as a way to get a foot in the door
		Kuktun: We should inform the targets
		Viola: Could we use failed op-sec as "incompetence"?
			Probably not.  Would count as failing the contract.
		Kuktun: Negotiation through a third party?
			Tetron: We do kind of have someone on the inside
				Weirdly cooperative
				Viola laughs at the prospect of the liasion being intelligent
					Kuktun presses
				Kuktun: Stupid devil might be advantageous
	Nilbog in the hallway
		At somepoint, a guard notices him and asks what he's doing
			He's thirsty
			She points him to the water fountain
		The same guard walks with him on the way back
			She's not being subtle
			He starts drinking the water along the way
				He drinks a bunch of it and declares that he needs more
	Back in Kuktun's office
		Tetron: We need to earn Chimpy's trust
			Viola: We need him regardless of whether we negotiate or if we're laying a trap
	In the hallway
		Nilbog passes the guard again
		He knocks on the door
	Back in the office
		Nilbog enters, some water draining down his shirt
			Zaknos: Did you bring any glasses?
				No
		Anything else to discuss?
			No
			Kuktun does offer aerial support if we choose to fight
				Volunteers also
				Estimates a small handful of people
				Reminder: Erinyes are smart, powerful, and can fly
				Tetron: We probably don't want to fight them
	We're escorted back out
		What now?
			Surprise with magic?
		As we discuss, Tahseen makes his way toward the keep
			He's ranting at an assistant
			He shouts into the ether
				"I can't believe that she took them at their word!"
			He finally notices us
				Krug: Anything you'd like to say to us?
					No, good day.
				We provoke him
					He's still convinced about the vampire
				He swears that he'll dig into our files to find anything untoward about us
					Whatever
		So what now?
			Surprise with magic?
				Tetron, Zaknos, Nilbog
				Krug is afraid that there may be danger, but others are unconcerned
			Alistair heads back to inn
				He changes into non-descript clothes to become a messenger boy
				He writes a message for the professor that wants his doll back
			Zaknos takes the tamagachi back
	Magic surprise quest
		First order of business: find Gelena Deter
		Tetron finds a public directory
			There's a workshop with that family name
				Half plant nursery and half tinkerer's shop
				Deter Family's Workshop
				Clockwork shit inside
				They have an orange cat
		Young girl on a stool
			She asks if they're here for clocks or plants
				Neither.  Surprises
			She welcomes them and curtsies
			The cat's name is Mojo, her name is Galena.
		She asks for a show the likes of which has never been seen
			Tetron to Zaknos: Why didn't Viola come?
		She needs magic that can show someone the past
			Doesn't have to really be the past, but can show images
		Tetron: Who's the audience?
			Her grandma
		Tetron: Is there a script?
			She pulls out a half-page with text and drawings
		Galena goes over to turn the chair in the back of the room around to reveal a very old elf
			Grandma Erin
			She can only murmur
			She doesn't even know who Galena is
		Galena says that Erin needs a spectacular show to remember who she is
		Tetron asks questions about the family
			Galena's mom runs the shop
				Inherited from grandma
				Mom can't know about the show
					She's not here
					She's coming back mid-afternoon
					Zaknos: Why can't mom know?
						Mom doesn't like grandma because back when she was mentally well, she was mean
						Galena says grandma is nice now and has been since before she can remember
						Nilbog: Why was grandma mean?
							Mom fell in love with a non-elf
		Tetron asks to see Galena's favorite clocks
			She pulls out three pocketwatches from a cabinet that says "do not open"
				Two don't function
				All three are beautiful
				They're finely made, would probably sell decently
					Crafting check by Tetron
						Not sure exact worth
						They tell time to the minute
						Tetron doesn't have the tools to fix
							Not aware of other clockmakers in town...
					Magic check!
						One of the broken ones are magical, other two are mundane
		Tetron: Let's see the script
			Describes family events leading to Galena's birth
			Zaknos: Do we know who we're each playing?
				Galena as herself
				Zaknos as grandfather
				Nilbog as dad
				Tetron as mom
			Zaknos: How can the cat play in?
				Her parents got Mojo when she was a baby
		Tetron sits down to prestidigitate a bust for Galena to help "sculpt" her mom's image
		The performance begins!
			They tell the story of the lineage
			SUCCESS!
			Erin recognizes Galena and smooths her hair
				Galena cries
		Tetron takes the broken magic clock
	Alistair as messenger boy
		He knocks on the professor's door
		Dude accepts the message and hands over the treasure map
		He returns to the inn to look at the map
			The treasure is on the Taldan side of Star Bay
				South of Cassomir
			Notes have been written on it before, trying to find it
				Failed attempts, water's too high
	Viola goes to investigate Protection for the Talented
		Headed over to Woonhal
		On a roof, she spots the black tail of a catfolk
		Tybalt notices her
		Viola asks for "access"
		He has her follow him
			Winding path through alleys
			Down a flight of stairs into a basement
			He raps on a door and lets her in
		Viola is greeted by a handful of curious people
			There's a bar, velvet stools, a velvet tapestry, some kind of soothing music permeating
			Tybalt explains that this a private area to train, improve, get guidance
				Voice work, fencing, stage combat
		Tybalt takes Viola to meet the leader
			Tail around the shoulder
			Knock on the door
				Sound of machinery
			He introduces Viola as the door opens
		Inside, the room is covered in acoustic surfaces
			Standing in the middle of this otherwise empty room on a yoga mat is a man made of metal
				It wears a fur coat
				The top of his head looks like finely combed hair 
				Its name is Cassini
			Cassini says that Viola must have found the organization via the coin
				Yeah, went on an adventure and learned a whole language
				It is impressed by the effort of living creatures to improve
			Cassini leads Viola out of the room
				Through the hall, we pass doors leading to rooms for people to practice various performing arts within
				It founded the place to enjoy and nurture people who seek to improve their craft
					What is Viola's specialty?
						Improvisational swordplay
					It's already aware of her adventuring career
				It asks her to partake in a test
					Viola accepts
			Test!
				Cassini is watching with intent, eyes completely dilated
				Training dummy
					Flip and stab, easily done
				Obstacle course
					Decent
				Vs 4 other swords people
					Dodge, parry, and kick people off
					Good
				Cassini looks at Viola, nods approvingly
					Valuable base of talent
					What they can do is hone aspects through dedicated training
					MECHANICAL: Every month spent here (downtime) adds a permanent +1 bonus.  Max 2.
						Can choose type of bonus (status, circumstance, item)
					Locations in Almas or Oppara
					Also serves as a social experience
	Alistair, back at the inn
		Sees Krug
			Asks him to come with when he goes to visit family in Tamuth
				Krug is on board
			Krug asks what he's been up to
				"Errand", promised to deliver something
		To Tamuth!
			Streets are less paved, more mud
				And it's raining
			They approach a small mansion that clearly isn't a wealthy residence
				Lots of kids playing
				Three women desparately trying to keep a dozen children from harming themselves
			Alistair knocks on the door
				He's greeted by a simply-dressed middle-aged elf woman
					She's stern, but she is joyed to see Alistair
					She welcomes him back
					She then notices Krug
						Alistair introduces him and mentions that he joined an adventuring party
		Inside Tamuth House
			Miss Sal goes to make tea as Krug and Alistair are left in the foyer
			Other matrons notice
				They're also thrilled to see him
					One's distracted by the children
					Other is making biscuits
			Sal comes back with drinks
				She asks about the adventuring party
					It lets Alistair help lots of people
						Name-drops Falcon's Hollow
				What is he here for?
					He just wanted to visit and talk to siblings
			Sal addresses Krug
				He introduces himself
			Alistair asks for Elwynn specifically, but he also is curious as to who else is around
				After a moment, an elf Alistair's age with modest clothing
			Krug is left behind as Alistair pulls Elwynn upstairs
			Sal asks Krug about the rest of the party
			Alistair and Elwynn chat
				Also joined by Ned and other trainees he knows
				Plugging adventuring as more entertaining and less risky than thievery
				Able to get to Dorfinn and Cloak
					Is there any info to bring to them or get from them?
						Ned wants his sister to know that he's okay and wants to get her out

					Is there a plan to break them out?
						Collecting bail to get Carol out
							Not nearly enough avail to get Dorfinn
				They let him know that, ever since the raid, there has been increased scrutiny
					Contributions severely down
					Not destitute
					Some desire for people to gather alternative income
						But the guild as a whole isn't on board
							Esp. given rising crime in Timberfell
				Belladonna is keeping the shop running
				How to contact Stareye?
					Due to the attack that killed Nighthawk, Stareye has been moved to Castoff Place
				Clutch problems?  Can Alistair or Radiant Dawn help?
					Questions first!
						Who are they?
						How long in town?
						How subtle?
							NOT
					Crow and Frey have defected
						They know where guild is, so major threat of attack if they feel like it
							Kids have been keeping low
					Where do they operate out of?
						Northern Timberfell - day-to-day
						Large building in mid-Timberfell: Gavel Bloodthorn's office
							One Clutch leader is there a bunch
							Super fortified
					Can Thomas still be trusted?
						Two different answers
							Ned considers him a traitor
							Elwynn thinks he probably didn't have a choice
								No police in guild places, so he probably is keeping them out
					Have they heard of the Aegis Coalition (Elwynn esp)?
						Recent rash of arrests related to a shipping company based out of Augustana
							Gov't-regulated substance
							Some have mentioned the Coalition in passing related to that
						Something related to Timberfell or at least does business with them
							A lot of the goods shipped are going straight there
						Seems like it's connected to a charity of some sort but also the people appear to be associated with it don't look religious or seem to have divine powers
					Alistair donates 3pp to the orphanage via Elwynn then moves to leave
						She stops him to ask what the most exciting thing he's done
							Fighting creatures and finding tons of treasure under the sea
			Alistair finds Krug nervously smiling as Sal continues to gently interrogate him
				He promises to visit again soon
			Sal says that she'll keep the Radiant Dawn in her thoughts
				KEEP ALISTAIR SAFE AT ALL COSTS
			Cookies for the road offered
				Gingerbread!
		On the way back, Alistair reports that he learned a lot
			Krug: From your siblings?!
	Viola purchases tickets for Boring and delivers them right after
		Easily done, 2gp 8sp 4cp
		Viola finds Boring at a hostel of sorts
			Viola hands over the tickets
			Boring is surprised that she didn't lie
				"I only do that to people I don't like"
			Boring gives Viola her lantern
				It self-lights, doesn't cast much light (dim to 10 ft), detects undead within 30 ft
			Viola wishes Boring good travels
Moonday afternoon
	Others regroup at inn
		Alistair reports what he learned
		Tetron asks about the doll
			Alistair fakes that he lost it
				Nilbog can tell that he lied, but he doesn't call him out
				Zaknos also can tell, and he does call him out
					You never lose anything!
					Alistair doubles down
		Tetron has a thing this evening
			Meeting up with old classmates
			Alistair: Are they the ones who wanted help on a trip?
				Yes
		Viola comes back among them arguing about the "missing" doll
			He gets caught out on the lie
			He admits having given it back
				Tetron asks which reward he chose
					He's pissed that it isn't the spell
				Viola offers to copy the map into the Pellsieve
					Tetron suggests that we copy it and then give it back to get the spell instead
				We keep arguing
				Viola and Tetron go to transcribe it with the argument pending
					Takes an hour
				Afterward, Tetron and Alistair pressure Viola for the map back
					Tetron gets Viola to relent on the point that the map belongs to Alistair
	Tetron heads over to the university
		He's disguised
		He's welcomed in
		He says that the contents interest him less than he originally thought
		Exchange for spell!
			Common or Uncommon (subject to approval) up to 7th level
			TELEPORT
	Back at the inn
		Tetron returns and Zaknos suggests that we go fix the magic watch
		Alistair reads the watch's aura
			It's enchantment
		Alistair: Do we need to visit a magical clockmaker to fix it?
			Tetron: Only one way to find out
	Looking for magical clockmaker
		Tetron checks around the university to see if anyone knows anything
			He finds out about someone working out of the Liberty District
				They work primarily with rich clientele
				Much different vibe from the Deter shop
				He presents the broken magic watch
					Tetron: Does the process differ for it being magic?
						Yes, but they can do it
					Also, just to check, was the other one once magical?
				Couple of minutes to inspect
				Dude returns to report
					The mundane one is mundane
					The magic one is an "aid of sorts"
						Used by business people or folks in high society
						Once a day, you can wind it, and for 30 minutes, you can't fall asleep, but you fall asleep immediately after (3 actions)
							Immune to sleep effects
						9 gp for the repair
	To cheaper clockmaker to repair other watches
		Flag markets
		2.66 gp each for sale of mundane watches
	What now?
		Options are Dawnflower and ship that Zaknos can't go on
		Audition?
	Audition in Woonhal
		Eight Cups Theatre
		We see an interesting assortment of people
			Some look like primarily theatre people who do some swordplay
			Others look like warriors who supposedly are trying to get into acting
		We see a short halfling with puffy brown hair
			Has a shit expression on his face
			Dude berating the other guy the other day
			The executive producer!
			Unbearably pompous voice
				He hands out scripts
				Auditions start in 10 minutes
			Script
				Scene for 2
				Challenging; need to consider how well she works off the partner
				It's a basic chivalrous romance, with the "twist" that the love interest is plenty capable
			Paired with someone who looks like a real actor
				Gnome woman
				Not looking too great with their sword
					She has only brandished one on stage
				Viola gives earnest advice on how to wield
			Scene: Prince mistakes the princess in disguise as an assassin
			Performance begins
				We work together well
				She does a flip, which prompts Viola to tumble
				Ending flourish is a dramatic feint
			Deliberation for 1 hour
				Main cast: Viola Ballestra
				Understudy: Dana Laraunt (my partner)
			Rehearsals don't start until next Moonday
			Dana thanks Viola for the advice

XP
--
0