A3S19
-----

Almas sewers, Fireday night
	Pipe is just not tall enough for Krug, who has to hunch over
	Sounds of water
	Viola: BTW, I found my dad.  We don't have to split to find him.
		Tetron: Oh?  Where is he?
			Over near Chase
				Tetron: How's he doing?  Have you made your money back?
					Viola: I don't know.  No.
	Tetron keeps an eye out for snargies
		He takes a look around
		Figures that this pipe is too big for them to want to be in
			Might be more at-home in the feeder pipes
		Hears a echoing voice deep below us
			Tetron: Anyone else hear that?
				We can hear faint sound of conversation through the feeder pipes
			We consult the Pellsieve
				We're completely under the river at this point, though still on the east side
				Tetron: Could be the Coalition?
					Viola: Might be.  We should listen closer.
						Zaknos summons Chimpy and asks him to go into one of the pipes to investigate
	Chimpy skitters into the poopy feeder pipe
		Tetron immediately realizes that we should have told him to wait here for us
			Tetron: Should we leave a note?
				Viola: He can't read
					Tetron casts message and tells him the plan
	We carry on through the sewer
		We get to the midpoint of the river, and the smell reaches an apex
		It takes longer than expected, due to the poo-covered floor
		We eventually reach a larger section of sewer; made it to under Timberfell
			Krug can stand all the way up here
		How do we emerge subtlely?  Where would we emerge?
			Unfortunately, we only know what Irontarn looks like, not where she is
			Tetron: Where was Viola's dad working?
				Viola: He was unloading the gas bottles, so the docks?
				Not great
			Zaknos: Could we use Taranis?
				Tetron: Not comfortable having Taranis out and exposed in dangerous territory
				Zaknos: Invisibility spell?
					Viola: We should probably save that for something urgent
					Tetron: Doesn't last long enough
			What about some kind of disguise?
				Alistair has his hat of disguise
					Clutch stuff is probably too specific
					Also, not enough members to just be a nobody
				Tetron: Could a couple people go topside, scout, and bop someone and steal their outfit?
					Viola: It'd probably be Consortium security, rather than Clutch people
				Zaknos: Could we disappear into a crowd?  Could pay people to hide among?
					Viola: We're too distinct
						Tetron: *You're* too distinct
							Viola: Okay, Mr. Taldan Noble Toga Man
				Alistair: If I find my friend, that could get us some amount of an in
					Tetron: He shouldn't go alone.  Who should go with him?
						None of the rest of us are nearly as stealthy as Alistair...
							Could send Taranis with him?
							What about disguises?
								Krug is the right body type, but he can't lie
								Viola volunteers, since lying is kind of her thing
									Alistair hands over the hat of disguise
									Tetron also gives his manacles
	A quiet place to emerge
		Have to head over to near the Tamuth bridge
		Viola and Alistair come out, tidy off
		Viola activates the disguise, coming off as a burly Consortium security woman
		Alistair maneuvers and keeps to the shadows
		It's dark, no torches, but there are some lights of magical origin
		Guards around, posted atop guard tower structures
			Barrels and fortified walls
			There's also a large watch tower
		People passing through, taking and leaving shifts
			Still manual labor going on
	Back in the sewers
		Can hear occassional voices
			Catch bits
				Complaining about not being able to smoke in certain areas
				Complaining about sudden influx of people
		Tetron: How long until we should do something?
			Zaknos: Could message them
			Tetron messages Viola
				Viola: Alistair is still evaluating the situation, trying to find an in
					All good here
				Tetron: What do we do?
					Viola: Hang tight.  Either we'll return or there'll be a loud noise
					Tetron: Okay, checking back in 10
	Back on the surface
		Alistair evaluates how to get over to one of the guard towers
			It's all made of wood
		A few towers over, Alistair sees someone facing away with the hair color described
			Unclear what ancestry
			They appear to be working
			He points them out to Viola
				She walks over
		Viola is accosted by one of the guards
			Not expecting anyone until the next shift
			Viola explains that she's on the off-shift
				Has to explain to him that her shift is offset from most others' so that there's someone working even while the shifts change
				Takes a bit to get the concept across
			Viola approaches the tower Alistair pointed out and climbs up
			Viola sees the person, definitely fits the description
	At the grate
		A cigarette is flicked into the opening
			Person complains about having to go all the way out to smoke
		It's been ten minutes: Tetron messages Viola
			She responds with a throat-clear
	Back upstairs
		The dwarf turns around in response to the throat-clear
			Dwarf: Was only supposed to be the four of us tonight
			Viola: I'm offset shift, just making inspection rounds.  You folks need anything?
			Dwarf: All good.
			Viola asks to take a breather here for a bit.
				Dwarf okays it.
		Alistair takes a look around some of the nearby residential buildings
			All asleep inside
			He could get on top
			Inspecting windows: no glass
			He determines that there are five of the towers that have the barrels
				That's too many for his flares to set them on fire
			He receives a message from Tetron
				He says that he's coming back to get people to help with gas canisters
		Viola on the tower
			Viola pulls out a sheet of parchment and Zenza's star and tells the dwarf that she has an inventory discrepancy to discuss
				Dwarf: Just a guard, but I can take you to someone who can handle it
		Dwarf leads Viola down some alleys
			Dwarf: Make it quick
			Tetron messages Viola to inform her of Alistair's intentions right as she's about to respond
			Viola: Sabotage operation about to go underway, you need to get out.  Also, your assistance is required in investigating crisis in Augustana and probable Chelaxian incursion
			Dwarf: Understood
			Dwarf heads back to the tower, drops off some stuff, takes a paper to an administrative building, and leaves Timberfell
			Viola takes a back route back to the others
		Reconvene at the sewer
			Alistair explains his plan to take out the poison barrels
			Let's go
			Alistair leads us to a more convenient access point
				We emerge
		At the building top
			One tower is directly adjacent to this building
			Others are spread out in a semi-circle about 30 feet apart
			Preparation for arson
				Viola disassembles four torches to provide flammable material to give Zaknos flaming arrows
					Using some of Tetron's oil supply
					Lit via flint and steel
				Tetron uses fly and invisibility to get in range
			Arson!
				Alistair misses produce flame
				Tetron hits with produce flame
				Nilbog hits with flare bolt
				Zaknos misses two shots
				Tetron uses a second produce flame and hits
				Nilbog, seeing that we don't have full coverage, casts fireball to hit the last two
			All hell breaks loose
				Fireball makes loud sound and causes dying screams
				We need to get the fuck out
				Addlebrain smoke starts happening
				ROUND 1
					Everyone except Tetron weaves their way through the fleeing people in the building with us
					Tetron flies low to avoid the fumes on his way out
					Alistair holds his breath while the others manage to not breathe in the smoke
				ROUND 2
					We see an orc guy stumble over as he tries to use his collar to filter the smoke, but he falls onto palisades and dies
					Still resisting the smoke as we flee
					We dive back into the sewer
Back in the sewer
	We walk a ways
	We don't see Chimpy right away when we arrive at the location we left him
		But it turns out he's laying on one of the pipes
		Chimpy: You guys smell like home
			Viola: Yeah, we started a fire
			Tetron: BTW, Nilbog, was the fireball really necessary
				Nilbog: Yes, Zaknos fumbled his arrows
					Zaknos: I was scared of fire
					Viola: I probably didn't balance the wrapping very well
		Tetron: So, what did you learn?
			Chimpy: Singing, chanting, little bit of conversation
				A group down there doing the singing and chanting
				There's a small man who smells like home and death
					He was giving orders to the others, but he said he has to leave soon
				There was a woman with white hair
				Pale woman with black hair leading the chanting
				Tall man in red robes preparing something
				They were talking about their joy
				Tetron: Was the chanting repetitive?
					Chimpy: It was powerful magic, like a wish
				Joy about being one step closer
				Can't go all the way down, something preventing me
					Specifically preventing evil creatures from entering
					Zaknos asks whether this is some sort of occult thing
						Tetron and Nilbog consider that
						Nilbog has no idea, which makes sense since that doesn't really jive with Sarenraen philosophy
						Tetron knows that while Aroden was a neutral god, at the time that the temple existed, the primary threat they were trying to keep away was the Whispering Way and Tar-Baphon
							Especially since it would have been right after the Shining Crusade
							So not so much what the Aegis Coalition is doing rather than a property of the temple
				Tetron: Did you determine a way in?
					Two entrances
					The Coalition must have gone a different than the area he came out in, since that area was undisturbed
		Tetron: Shall we go in?
			Alistair: We should wait for the person Zaugia sent
			Also, it's fucking late
		Viola specifically thanks Chimpy
Emerge and return to the inn
	Prestidigitation to clean up
	We get up to our rooms
		In his and Alistair's room, Tetron feels a creeping unease
			Alistair doesn't feel anything
			Tetron: Are you planning on going out in the night?
				Alistair: No
				Tetron: If I wake up in the night, that's bad
			They hear a quiet knock at their window
				They're on the third floor
				There's a small, slender white hand emerging from dark cloth tapping on the window
					Alistair draws his sword
					Tetron: Do we let them in?
						Alistair hesitates, and Tetron goes to open the window
							Reflex save!
								As the window opens, the hand claps Tetron's
								A long gown climbs into the room
								A woman? enters
								The gown is purple and Victorian style
								The woman wears a skull-like mask that ends on coifed hair
								Woman: Thank you so much for extending a hand to a lady
								IT'S HANDS LADY
								Tetron: To what do we owe the pleasure?
									Hands Lady: I was called for a favor, a quite expensive one
										She's here to help with a tussle with a personal enemy of Zaugia
										She introduces herself as Kasissa
											Tetron introduces Alistair
								She asks to see the rest of us
									Alistair goes to get us
		At the others' room
			Alistair: A creepy lady that Tetron seems to know wants to talk to us
				He thinks she's Zaugia's contact
				Zaknos: What do her hands look like?
					Pale and slender
					Zaknos is excited
		Back in Tetron and Zaknos's room
			Tetron observes her long nails
				She strokes his palm a bit
					"You have an innate gift for magic.  I can tell."
					She can sense that
			Tetron asks how Zaugia thinks she'd be able to help
				She isn't sure
				She doesn't know much about them
				She was promised that something quite valuable to her would be there
				Was paid well (not in money)
				There to ensure that the job is done right
			The rest of the group enters
				We can just feel her unsettling presence
			Tetron leads her hand to Zaknos
				Tetron: I believe you remember Zaknos
				She takes both of Zaknos's hands
					"Ah, the little spiderling."
					She lets them go
			She introduces herself as "Kasissa the Spell Scourge"
				She's here to "dispose" of a problem
					"This branch" of the Aegis Coalition is causing problems for Zaugia
				She intends to enter through a different entrance than us, but she'll meet us there
				She advises that we give her a wide berth
				She looks to Nilbog, Krug, Alistair, and Tetron primarily
			She says that it is late, so she'll take her leave
				Tetron: Wait, how do we coordinate?
				Kasissa: The ritual is due to conclude tomorrow night, so I'll be there
				Tetron: What if we want to strike earlier, like during the day?
					Kasissa produces a small piece of purple string
						If Tetron tears this and speaks a message, she'll hear it
			Tetron considers the title "spell scourge"
				This is more relevant to his grandfather's stories
					Creatures that feed on magic
					They seek out places where strong magics lie and occassionally nourish themselves
					In order to exist in society, they have to be reserved in their feeding
					Any alliance with one would be temporary
					They're extra-planar
					Creatures like this have no use for material wealth
				Tetron: Just to make sure, the payment isn't anything of ours, right?
					Kasissa: No, I've already been paid
			Kasissa: I'll be nearby.  I find that mortals don't really rest well with me around.
				Zaknos offers to rest with her (flirting)
					Kasissa explains that for "reasons" they wouldn't be able to copulate
					Zaknos: Yeah, of course, not on the job
						Maybe after
						He decides to sleep here since it's so late
			Kasissa: Fear not, I don't consume allies
				Tetron: I'll explain after she leaves
			Kasissa exits out the window dress first
			Tetron: I'm going to have nightmares
				Should I explain?
				Viola: If she's going to give you nightmares, I'm good
Starday late morning
	No sign of Kasissa
	Let's get brunch
	Streets are different today, with an urgency
		Gossip is completely inundated with talk of a strike in Timberfell
			50 reported deaths
			So many theories
				Andoran military?
				Cheliax?
				Poison gas?
				Exploding barrels?
			Alistair: I don't think the Cerulean Keep is going to be happy with us
				Viola: It was your idea!
	Zaknos asks if anyone else dreamed of the Hands Lady
		Viola: No, we talked to her for real.  You were awake for that.
			Zaknos: No, after
	Alistair leaves to go pick up his cloak from Wynn
		He says he'll be back by 1
			Gives us time before Viola's performance
		He receives the cloak
			Looks nice, no additional air of magic
		There's an air of excitement about a blow being struck to an enemy of the Greencloaks
			As Alistair enters, he's ask if it was us
				Yes, it was a good opportunity
			They saw the fires from there
			It's officially being classified as a "terrorist event"
				But it's under the Lumber Consortium's jurisdiction, not Almas's
	Back at brunch
		Zaknos suggests that maybe we should insert other rumors to throw folks off our trail
			Like that it was an inside job
			Viola and Tetron help him with that
				Tetron's delivery is stilted
				Viola recovers for him
				We do this for 30 minutes
		Now what?
			Viola suggests that we go pick up supplies for confronting the Coalition
				Krug picks up boots of bounding
				Viola and others pick up healing pots
Convening at 1
	Down into the sewer where we talked to Chimpy last night
		We talk to Chimpy
			He suggests that there's a wall we could dig into to get into a tunnel
				Bit of a fall after, though
	We find the place
		Dig until we break through
		Four-storey drop
		Some kind of well of chalice thing at the bottom
		No one around
		Viola and Alistair jump down
		Tetron uses feather fall on himself and Nilbog
		Others climb down via rope
		Chimpy exits the token and stays hovering above
			He says that he'll just wait here
	At the bottom
		Large room with a dias with chalice thing and an arch in the middle
			Chalice has a clear liquid in it
				Looks like still water, per Alistair's inspection
				Tetron detects magic on it
					It is magic, abjuration
				Small booklet tucked under the pedestal
				Alistair dips his finger in
					Nothing happens, just cool
					He pulls his finger out and tastes it
						Just cold water
			Arch has runic symbols on it
				They're elven letters: A-G
		Booklet contains various hymns
		Walls carved with repeating text
			Multiple languages: elven, Varisian, others
			Big poem: Hallowed Halls of Man and God
				Must ward against darkness
				There's blessed water
				Be clean after
				Fill the fractal grooves with chalk
					Viola: There's carved grooves on the floor
				Sing in chorus until the arch rings
		The floor is not magic
		Stairs leading nowhere
		Considering the poem
			Music notation on arch: might be simon says...
			Need holy water
				Nilbog's decanter!
			Nilbog pours into the basin
				He gets a choice of creature to protect against
					Viola: Undead makes sense in the historical context...
						Tetron: And what happens if this is a resurrection that goes wrong.
						Nilbog: And we don't have a good track record
			We all help draw in the curves with chalk
				Once that is done, a hum fills the area
					And the elven letters begin to light up in order
						D--C--F--E--D--D-- (hyphens are extensions for one beat each)
						Viola flips through the hymn book to find a matching tune
							Found: "Here, Shaper of the Heavens"
			We sing together, Viola leading
				The sound reverberates powerfully
		The arch materializes into a gateway
			Chimpy makes a break for it as soon as it opens
			We follow him in

XP
--
80
10