A3S11
-----

Moonday Afternoon, Woonhal
	Tetron decides to see if he can train Goober
		He sets it down on the ground
		Trying to train it like a dog (withhold if it goes for the food)
		He cuts off a piece of leather to see if it'll sit on top of Goober
			It is absorbed immediately
		What about a piton (metal)?
			It entraps it, but cannot absorb
			It moves off of it
		Puts Goober away
		A couple of children were watching
			They ask what it is and if they can have it
				"No."
	Viola suggests going to the library to research erinyes
		She means the university one
		Alistair knows that Hosetter Public Library is a place for knowledge for the general public
			Named for a local political figure
			Not quite the right resource for our purposes
On the way to the university
	We see a human male with glasses sitting at the border between Woonhal, Tamuth, and University
		Distraught, mumbling to himself
			Staring up at the sky every so often
		Having glasses means dude either has money or a job that needs them
		Dude is young and not dressed particularly nicely
		Tetron tries to listen into his mumbling
			"Need to make the next big break before it's too late."
			Decides to leave him alone
University
	Time to read!
	There's a wealth of information
	Erinyes are also known as "fury devils", but it's not quite the most fitting name
		Vessels of vengeance
			Find particular pleasure in punishing their victims in an ironic fashion
			More into straight-up murder than contracts
	8th level
	True sight, darkvision
	Can speak several languages, including Common
		Also telepathic
	Switch-hitters between melee and range
	Armored
	Also have erinys hair rope
	Flight + ranged weapons means tricky to fight
	Intelligent and work together
	Can cast some spells
		Most have to do with illusion and movement (including dimension door)
	Any weapon they hold catches fire
	Immune to fire
	Resist physical damage other than silver and poison
	Weak to good damage
	Alistair: Are they known to go after people that haven't wronged them?
		No.
		Does that mean that the Lotheed did something to piss them off?
			Tetron knowledge: Other than Martella, the Lotheeds fell in with the old regime
				Could have theoretically made a deal with them and backed out
				Doesn't explain why the whole family is targeted
				Martella is one of the few left
				Shares with others
				Viola: what if it's all together?
					Loyalists made some deal, and then Martella opposed them in the war, and now the loyalists are all gone
	Viola: Well now what?
		Fighting them sounds really annoying
		Tetron tricks Zaknos into going somewhere else
		Tetron: could trick Chimpy into signing some kind of contract to dissuade the Ashborns
			Viola: does he even have authority to sign contracts on their behalf
	Retrieve Zaknos
		He found something!
			The Tryst of the Erinyes
			A porn novel?
			He didn't read it first
			There are pictures, though
			Tetron: Show it to Chimpy!
				He does
	Viola: Should probably buy some of those silver weapon coating things
		Tetron might be able to learn how to make it himself
			Not in the library probably, unless it's in a textbook
			He finds it and copies it into his own materials
			He can definitely handle it
	Viola: Could do early dinner since we didn't really have lunch due to audition and research
We go get pasta
	Flag Market
	Tetron tries to listen in on people
		Female owner (Polly) of Faldor's Farm has been gone for a few days (in bed)
			Some kind of sleep issue
			Only Tom is running the store, and he's slammed
		There is fear in The Half right now because ~25 years ago, there was a person who was brutally murdered
			The murderer has just been released
			Some folks taking shelter with relatives
		Alchemy professor at UofA has lost his drive to teach
			But he has tenure
		Professor of sorcery is a hard-ass
			Tetron knows he's strict, but fair
	Before we finish eating, we hear multiple people sprinting by
		Shouts of "get back here, you fucker!"
		Viola darts outside to take a look
			She sees the pursuers
				They're in plain leathers, not cops, not Consortium thugs
			A large bald head darts around a corner
			They are slower than Viola
		Tetron asks what the situation is
			Viola says that dude may need help because those aren't cops
		Viola darts off along a parallel side street
			Tetron sends Taranis to keep an eye on the situation
				Keeps above the pursued, leading Viola
		Dude hops over a fence and pursuers catch up
			They grab onto his pants
			They're punching at him
			"Where the fuck is the money!?"
			He kicks loose a pursuer
		Viola arrives
			Man is 30-ish, human, built, handwraps (not of mighty blows)
			"Gentlemen, what appears to be the problem?"
				Pursuers accuse the guy of having stolen money
				Dude has the word "liar" branded atop his head
			Viola flexes her licensed adventurer status
				They stop being as aggressive
			They accuse him of having stolen 100 gp from their gambling ring
			Turns out he did steal the money, but he claims to have done so for a good cause
				Stopping human trafficking
				But he doesn't have the money anymore
			Viola offers to pay off the debt to save him
				Both parties accept
				Viola's 1 gp short
					Krug offers to go halfsies instead
			Viola hands over the money
				And then she threatens them
					If she sees them doing this again...
		Full name, Chase Jameson
		Alistair sneaks off while we walk
Chase's room at Castoff Place
	Turns out he's only truly interested in one instance of human trafficking: his younger brother
		Either in Gillmen's Moor or Timberfell
			If the brother is in Timberfell, that's very bad
	Chase claims he's all in on us
		Viola determines that he's been withholding info
			100 gp is awfully much for just bribes
			She calls him out
			He admits to having gambled most of it away
	Ground rules
		No gambling
		Report earnings
	Viola coaches him
		Feint, Bon Mot, Tumble
Alistair 
	He finds Stareye
		He's surprise to see Alistair, having fled the city
			Adventurer now
	He reports that we have a way to speak to Dorfinn and Dagger
		That's amazing!
		Going to call a meeting with Belladonna and Cara, won't take too long
		If Alistair has time, he can participate in talking to someone he ratted out
	Reports that the party has plenty of reason to go after The Clutch
		Would anyone be available to assist?
			Adults, definitely
				Himself, Belladonna, Cara
			Too dangerous for kids
		Caution: when we strike, it has to be decisive
			If the Greencloaks can be traced back to, that'd be very bad
			Alistair says that it'll be a while before we can do it anyway 
	Cara and Belladonna arrive
		Belladonna more stressed than usual
		Cara thrilled to see Alistair
			She heard that he was back in town
		Alistair asks how things have been
			No Clutch activity since Nighthawk died
			Keeping an eye out
			Had to keep more of an eye on Tamuth House due to word getting out about the affiliation with the Greencloaks
			Heard about the traitors
				Alistair expresses surprise that Crow had turned
					Belladonna explains that he really wanted to go after Thomas
					Would Crow be welcomed back?
						Yes.
						But definitely not Frey.
			Alistair gives them our location in case other stuff comes up
		Knowledge about Aegis Coalition?
			They already know what Mouse told him before
			There is a business merchant here from out of town
				Here longer than we have
				She has been here multiple times
				Suspected part of the organization
				When contraband came over, she has been unavailable
					Disappeared
				It's Sloane!
					Alistair tells them that he had met her in Augustana
						She never arrives via boat
							And must be faster than travel overland, because we would have beaten her here
				No event happening soon...
		What can he help with?
			They give him a detailed status report for Dorfinn
				Vs Clutch info
				Training
				Compromised safehouses
				Plans moving forward
					Do not attack Guard
					Stareye has been contacted by the force
						Dorfinn had a previous under-the-table agreement with the Guard to keep other elements from springing up
						They want him to uphold that arrangement
							However, some members of the guild aren't all for that
							Stareye is on board, though
					Main problem is Frey
						Had to redo safehouses and stuff
						Had to employ underground and sewer places
					Dealing with mole tonight
						Interrogation
				Want to bail Dorfinn out
					Police aren't really moving to let Dorfinn out
						The arrest was very public
							Optics situation
	Stareye tells Alistair something that Dorfinn told him
		If Dorfinn ever gets captured, Alistair needs to find him
			He has info from before Alistair came into their care
Back at Chase's
	Alistair shows up as Viola finishes
	We leave
	Two hours before Tetron's meeting
Outside
	Alistair reports about Sloane being in town
		Tetron: Maybe Timberfell?
		Especially the speed
			Can she teleport?
	Alistair reports that if we take on The Clutch, his friends can help
		Has to be decisive
	As we walk back to the inn, we hear an older woman's voice
		She calls for Viola (you there, red and blue)
		Wearing Andoren naval blues
		She asks about The Flying Heron (and why Viola has it)
			Viola explains its path to her via Bain
				She takes interest in how Pierce inspired Viola
			Upon hearing this, she asks to take Viola aside
				Viola obliges
	Amos is standing outside the inn
		He mentions that a sandwich place is closing next week
		He says that Zaknos needs to come with to have their stuff one last time
At the inn
	Alistair watches Tetron make the Silversheen
	Krug decides to follow Viola and the other person
		He isn't being discreet about it
At a ship
	The woman brings Viola to her ship
	The woman acknowledges her first mate
		She's the captain
	Krug comes on
	She sits Viola down and tells her
	The woman is Capt Arnault
		Pierce was crew on the vessel
			Not military, though
		She left to pursue other financial interests
		Arnault considered her a dear friend and trusted ally
		She's looking to find info about Pierce's modern goings on
		Arnault is stationed here in Almas
			She can't go talk to Pierce herself
		It is her personal opinion that Pierce is a good person and the situation is a misunderstanding
			Pierce was interviewed vigorously
			She was there for five years
		Arnault "can't" ask Viola to do anything relating to investigation
			Can't even acception Viola volunteering
			She would like Viola to send along any info she finds
		How can Viola gain access?
			Adept-level LAP certification
			More trust by the gov't the higher the certification
		First mate comes in
			Whispers something along the lines of "the slave ship has not changed course"
			Arnault asks if we're discreet
				No
				Oh well, she has the posting up
					We know the posting!
						Can't go because Zaknos is Chelaxian
			Arnault is okay with that
				Need assurance that Zaknos won't be a conflict of interest
					Lots of humming and hawing
					Arnault asks if we're willing to stake our LAP status on it
						Krug and Viola: Yes
						"See you on the ship."
			What are we doing?  Why do we need to be discreet?
				Secrecy, but also discretion in actions
Back at the inn
	Approaching time for the meeting
		Tetron asks Alistair if he's still interested in going
	Viola and Krug return
		Tetron invites them along
			They're down
University
	Catch up with Nilus
		He's not wet at all
		Others present
		Tiefling woman with braided hair
			Has a skink
		Tanned young man with dark brown hair
			Dressed super crisp
			Has a winged cub familiar thing
				Tetron has heard about the cub by way of Cyrus working on his thesis
					Endangered species from Taldor
			This is Cyrus
	We're noticed
		Cyrus greets us, asks who his companion is
			Alistair
			He congratulates Tetron on the adventuring party
			The cub has no name (university property)
		Nilus greets Viola by grabbing her hand and kissing it
			Viola is alarmed
	Mission briefing from Nilus
		Professor Gagus is the patron of the mission
		Huge turtle is a protected marine species
			Issue: It's been harvested for magical parts
				The flora that grows on its shell
			The turtle in question is ready to lay eggs
				The eggs would be poached immediately
				Objectives:
					Protect mother turtle through egg laying and departure
						Won't lay eggs if stressed (combat)
					Transport eggs to a teleportation point
						Leads to Taldor
							Folks there can handle the eggs at the correct environmental conditions
							Allows turtlelings to hatch at a safe base
				Issue:
					We don't know where the mother will go
						Three beaches likely options
				Have to keep distance
		Beach candidates:
			Long Ocean Entrance
				Likely attack from water
			Beach with Tree Cover
				Good for cover, shallows
				Attacks possible from any direction
			Beach Peninsula
				Tidepool
				Really good spot, if not for poachers
				Multiple angles of approach
		Cyrus: It's a delicate operation
			They trust Tetron and any companions he brings
				But if the turtle is surprised at any point of the operation, things go bad
			Tetron: Do we have failsafes regarding emotional state?
				Use of Calm Emotions authorized in emergency
					But using magic on a magic turtle isn't ideal
			Tetron: Knowledge of poachers?
				Able to approach from air, land, and sea
				Magical capabilities
				Their primary objective is the eggs
					Which can't be extracted quickly by us
					Tetron: Mother is safe before egg laying, probably
						Mother captured alive would be worth a crapton
			Alistair: How to guard 3 beaches with 5 people
				Cyrus can use weather patterns to make prediction as to where the turtle will land
				Trackers also helpful
			Krug: How perceptive is the turtle?
				Poor eyesight, but good hearing
					Standing still far away is good
				When egg laying starts, it will continue unless mother is in grave danger
			Krug: What about Zaknos's spider thread?
				Hell yeah
		Cyrus to Tetron: Bring only those who would be a boon.
			Understood
		Tetron: When do we expect to leave?
			Earlier arrival is better
			Window specifically is Starday 12 Rova to Toilday 15 Rova
		Beaches near Claes, on the coast south of Almas
	Pink-haired gnome (the professor) pokes her head in to check on the briefing
		End of office hours, so get out
	Namira (tiefling) asks if folks want drinks
		Students are in
		Viola and Alistair are out
		Krug and Tetron are in
Back at the inn
	Alistair asks Viola if she'd teach his siblings about adventuring
		YES
Tamuth House
	Alistair warns: Some might not be as receptive
	Alistair gets the matrons to gather the children
		We get the main room
	There are about a dozen kids in attendance
	Viola gives her spiel
		Teamwork
		Changing the world
		Finding their passion
		Making money along the way without really trying
	Overtime questions!
		No specifics
At the bar (Flags)
	Not really a "get crunk" affair
	Lots of Taldan-style stuff that Tetron's familiar with
		New to Krug, though
		Lots of spices
	Students pay for Tetron and Krug
	Nilus talks to Krug
		Asks about adventures
		Specifically interested in the juicy stuff
	Tetron and Cyrus cheers
		"Reuniting with old friends"
		Tetron swaps stories
			Tessra situation
				He's heard a bit about that
		Where's he going next?
			Heading back to Taldor to finish his thesis
			Plan is stay in Almas or go to Cassomir
				Cassomir is a good place for conservation efforts
					The surrounding area is swamp
		Cyrus: Does Tetron intend to break off and do his own thing
			Maybe join back up
			Tetron's open
				Been together for six weeks
				Is Krug listening?
					Nilus is deliberately commanding Krug's attention
				Trying to unravel things
					"National level"
				Ambition to explore wherever the magic takes him
		Cyrus notices that Tetron's staff is different
			Tetron tells the story of the Alseta temple
				Omitting the doppelganger
		Cyrus is staying at Faldor's Farm
			Same as Amos
		Cyrus asks to see Taranis
			Obliged
			Cyrus was around when Tetron originally found Taranis
				Found as an injured mundane bird
				Helped with the familiarization process
	Nilus leans back away from Krug
		Wingmanning over
	Namira talks to Krug about Belkzen
		She went during undergrad
	Tetron brings up Prof Mollick
		Nilus has some shit to say
		When Mollick first came to the university, he was awesome
			Got paid a lot
			Hard to retain gnomes due to their need for novelty
		Likely Mollick's last year
			He does have tenure
		He's expressed that he's leaving right after finals
			Not even going to a different university
			Planning on going somewhere up north and cold
			Nilus: Good riddence
		Tetron: Does the university have a replacement?
			Yup, someone who's worked there before
		Nilus learned a lot from Mollick's knowledge, but dude is difficult to get along with
			Tense, jumpy, paranoid
	They wrap up
		Cyrus tells Tetron to come by whenever
Back at the inn
	Zaknos and Nilbog are there before others
		They've got a spread of breads, spreads, meats, and veggies
			They're making sandwiches
	Meeting with Chimpy
		[TO BE DONE LATER WHEN GARRETT IS HERE]
	Bedtime
		Krug finds himself in a snowy forest
			He knows he's dreaming because this definitely isn't Almas
			There's a light coming down on a table set for one
				There's a nice dinner there
			It's silent.  It's cold (except in the immediate vicinity of the table).  No wind.  No animals.
			He is able to move
			He's under a big tree
			He asks if anyone is around
				Just a repeated echo
			The food is steaming hot
			What else is on the table?
				Cutlery, wine, candle
			Why is it so warm here?
				There is water dripping off the warm sides of the trees, forming puddles
			"I guess if this is my dream, I get to have this."
			He pulls out the chair, sits, and eats
				Ribs, potatoes, grapes
				It's really good
			A scary voice: "Enjoying the feast?"
				Krug: "Was it yours?  I'm so sorry."
				The voice insists it's for him.
			Krug: Who are you?
				The voice turns the question back at him
					He's Krug
				Voice: Religious sort, are you?
					Krug: I believe in redemption, so yes
					The voice also claims to believe in redeption
						And it laughs
			Voice: I so loved our little chat here.  Sweet dreams.
				Krug: Who are you?  Where are you going?
Toilday morning
	We wake up

XP
--
90