A3S7
----

Starday late afternoon, Cerulean Keep, cloudy and threatening rain
	Viola poses what to do now
		She lists some of the quests that they took note of
			They decide to look into "quashing ne'r-do-wells"
	Group has cropped up relatively recently
		Most of the activity is coming from Timberfell and Tamuth
		Have been in scraps with other, smaller, criminal orgs
		The conflict has gotten to the point where civvies are unsafe
		One of the large events that caused a stir is well-known blond elf was targeted for assassination
			Goes by "Stareye"
			Targeted, but in the chaos, a different person: "Night Hawk" was reported killed
		There's some amount of head-turning that goes on
			More rule-following minor criminal guilds are left alone
			If they weaken, that makes room for more unsavory types
			As such, this new group has filled in for the previous one
		Bounties:
			Immediate PoI: Frey
				Female elf or half-elf
				Appears to be the ring-leader
				Reported at several scenes of violent crimes
				150 gp, alive
			Blond brawly type: Daniel Fenner
				100 gp, alive
			Dark-skinned teen: Mateo
				50 gp, alive
		Org called "The Clutch"
		Tetron: If we bring in dead, how does that impact bounty?
			In this case, not much
		Alistair: Size of The Clutch?
			Approx 30 people
			Eyes and ears around the city
			Spies and informants likely
		Tetron: Evidence of magic?
			Some, but weak
			Likely single-use magical items
			Not smart to rule it out, though
		Tetron: Anyone already actively seeking?  How to interface?
			Resident detective who got shipped in from Augustana
			Zaknos: "It's that stupid bitch, isn't it?"
		Alistair: Any overcover agents?
			Dude lies saying that there isn't
			Tetron presses him
			Zaknos: "If you like your job..."
				Tetron covers him
			So, yes, they do: Karl Lagerfeld
				He gives contact info
				This person is within Dorfinn's guild
				[Alistair does know this person]
			Who else knows about Karl?
				No one
		Some of the original guild members are in jail
			He offers to let us talk to them
			NOTE: Dorfinn's guild is known as the Greencloaks
			They've been surprisingly cooperative
				One was a merchant
					Ran the guild for a while
					Known to the city
		Alistair: Where can we keep an eye out for Clutch activity?
			Several Timberfell establishments
				Military folk don't generally gain access
		Tetron: Could we get free access to the Keep to have easy access?
			Can't give it carte blanche, but we can be let in during visitation hours for the jail
				9-5, weekdays only
				Only to specifically interview those specific people
					Elias Dorfinn
					Carol Whittaker
			We get a card
				Tetron takes it
		Alistair: What are the details of the event that brought down the Greencloaks?
			There was a heist in Easthill
			They tripped an alarm, and guards arrived
			Main subject was able to get away, but they captured one of the older teens
			That kid was asked to either stay in jail and not talk or to talk and receive a position
				He gave away enough info to apprehend the adult
				"Good kid."
			They have an adult and a teenage girl
		Zaknos: How deep in is Karl?  How do we know he hasn't switched sides?
			He's being paid handsomely
			Has been with the military for a long time
			Tetron: He's been reporting in?
				Yup
		Dude doesn't agree that they shouldn't have taken Dorfinn
			Should have just gotten some 
		Tetron: Would taking down the Clutch give rise to someone worse?
			Potentially
			The fact that they're being sheltered in Timberfell is concerning
			This is the first time a third-party org has taken up residence there
				Crime there is regulated by the Consortium
				Tetron: This may be a template for other syndicates to follow
				Would be nice if Shanks hits Timberfell where it hurts
					Gavel Ryma "Bloodthorn" Tarsis runs the place
					She runs a "tight ship"
					Not a good place to go
						Zaknos pokes at that
						Almas has some labor laws (min wage, worker safety, etc)
						Consortium doesn't do that
						Turnover is super high
						50 to a cabin
	What now?
		Nothing else here until at least Moonday
		Tetron suggests asking about the missing toy
To the University district
	Inquiry leads us to a lit professor at the university
		Into a study
		Older elf gentleman with a fur-lined jacket
			Pouring over manuscripts
		"What class?"
		Viola explains that we're here about the toy
		It has sentimental value
		He was likely pickpocketed
		Toy made of a beige sock with a dress
			Inside a velvet sack (black with red string)
			Other items were in the sack too, but he only really cares about the toy
			It belongs to his daughter
		Alistair: Where and how long ago was the pickpocketing?
			Hevring, a few years ago
		Tetron: Why not make a new one?  Sounds homemade.
			His wife made it, she's dead
			He could theoretically recreate it with magic or hiring someone
		Alistair: What was the reward?  The listing didn't mention.
			Pick one: One-time access to his private collection, (treasure) map, learn any spell below 7th level, or money
				What does the map lead to?
					He'll only tell us if we choose that option
		Tetron: What's Alistair's approach?
			Could be in a backroom
		If it helps, he does know what else was in that bag
			Some money
			Hammered talisman depicting a ram (iron)
				Is it not special?
					It has some use
					He altered a ring of the ram
						Has monetary value, but he doesn't care (220 gp)
			Also, the bag has a gold clasp
		Picked off of him by a child or teen
		Viola: How did he know that it was a child or teen?
			He felt a tug from below
			Theoretically, could have also been a shorter ancestry
		He apparently doesn't have a negative opinion of the child thieves
		He can be found here or his classroom if we need to ask more
	Once we're out
		Tetron asks if Alistair was the one who took it
		Krug and Nilbog realize that the description match
			Alistair: lots of people have a purse like that
				Lie SUCCESS against all of us
		Alistair lies again, and we catch him
		Alistair does have the doll, but it's back at the inn
			We can pick it up to have it on-hand another day
			Best to not bring it immediately
		Now what?
			Tetron and Viola want to do the Gwen concert tonight
				Others express interest in going
				Sure
				Zaknos says that he's going to hang out with Amos instead
					Complaining about the Andoren gov't being racist against him (relating to boat quest)
						Viola: We could try to find a way to get Zaknos into the Andoran's good graces
							Others: Could we just disguise him instead?
								Viola: Would be sus if the Radiant Dawn shows up minus Zaknos plus some rando
							Does Zaknos even want to?
								Would likely make him less able to go back to Cheliax
								Nah
			Let's get kebobs to pass the time
	Kebobs!
		Swanky kebobs
		Tetron asks why Chimpy's always around
			The contract
			Zaknos asked to keep Chimpy
		Tetron listens for other folks' conversations
			"And how about your investments?"
				Whole city market is fucked
				"What about workers?"
					Left, Consortium thugs messed them up
				New Consortium agents being sent in
			Loud whisper: "You know what's the best thing for romance?"
				Renting out "the cavern"
				Blood in the water, apparently
				"Prices at the grotto have become insane"
					Rats there, apparently
			"He's absolutely a penny-pincher"
				About the Grand Bishop of Erastil, apparently
				Last Abadar cleric was way worse
		Tetron asks if we know of a cavern
			Viola mentions that one of the quest rewards is access to the Everflowing Cavern
		Zaknos asks for the spiciest shit
			"Avistani spicy or Casmaron spicy?"
			Casmaron
			Super orange stuff
			Zaknos tears up and his face turns red, but he's okay
			Krug tries it, he handles it like a champ because it's similar to spices from the Hold
Starday evening
	Almost time for the concert
		Alistair heads back
	At the concert
		Eight Cups Theatre
			It's named for the thing hanging over the stage, overflowing wine glasses being poured into by an image of Cayden
			Seating room only
		We're one of the last larger groups
	With Alistair
		He's just going to sleep to wake up at night
	Back at the concert
		Viola has a twinkle in her eye because of how fancy the place is
		Lights go down, and the curtains open
			Illusory waves coming from each end of the stage
		A teal-skinned woman emerges
			Gwen!
			She's wearing fine clothes to really pop
				Bright blue with touches of carnation
			Her stage presence is palpable
		Without words, she produces a stringed instrument and begins to strum
			Light and jovial
			Some amount of clapping along
			Fun and engaging
		She lowers the playing for an interlude as the water illusions darken
			She starts singing the Song of the Sellen
				Upbeat, yet touching
		Afterward, she sets her instrument aside to speak
			She describes her origins, performed for years
			She's played many elements, but wanted to create an instrument inspired by the centaur
				Long neck, sturdy body
				She can manipulate its sound (to electric mode)
		The Siren of Cassomir's greatest act:
			She shreds
		Some folks are singing along
		Concert goes on for three hours
			Standing ovation
			Inagural performance
			Will meet folks at the stage
			She removes some carnations from her hair and throws them into the audience
		Viola notes that this is a very large stage for an individual performer
		Viola goes up to chat with Gwen about playing fast and finger protection
Night in the city
	Zaknos wants to buy memorabilia
		He picks up a pin for himself and one for Viola
	Back to the inn for the concert-goers
		Tetron finds Alistair sleeping
		Taranis reports that he spotted the gnome, but no prisoner in tow
	Alistair gets up around 2AM
		He gets dressed and leaves quietly
	Heading back to check safehouses
		Southern-most one in Tamuth
			Someone opens up and welcomes him in
			He explains that he just got back in town
				Heard that Dorfinn and Carol got captured
			Has anyone else been captured?
				Alistair: ounds like Thomas is working for the guard now
					They've been keeping him close, mostly Gillmen's Moor
					He hasn't given up safehouses, though
			What about the Clutch?  Frey and Mateo defected
				Was their defection willing?
					Frey definitely didn't like Dorfinn
						She seems to relish in the role
						Some folks say she's the leader, but the person doubts it
					Mateo is impressionable
						Last they heard, he was angry at Thomas giving himself up
						He still likes the members of the Greencloaks
							Wasn't present for Nighthawk's murder
			So they were responsible for the attempt on Stareye
				Thinking that if they kill the new face, the Greencloaks will go down faster
				Nighthawk died defending Stareye
			Alistair mentions that the Keep has a job out for capturing Frey, Mateo, and the other Daniel
			Stareye is still keeping up the spirit of the guild
				Something of a rift due to people wanting to retaliate against the Clutch
					Stareye has been shooting it down
				Recruiting effort
					Not from Tamuth House, though due to city watch
				Cara and Belladonna still active
					Belladonna working out of her place in Flags
				More active members: Talia, Elwyn, and Ned
				All three Tamuth House matrons are still active
					Head Matron had taken leave for a while
					Orphans allowed out less
					Training has been slowed, but not suspended
						Stareye also believes that it's dangerous for them to actively serve as Greencloaks at present
			The two safehouses in the top part of Tamuth have been compromised
				The Clutch has claimed Upper Tamuth as its turf
			Any attempts to rescue Dorfinn?
				Got in contact, but he's willingly staying in prison
				It's difficult because the guild suffers without him
				If they were to break him out, it would likely lead to a full-scale crackdown
				He does have a posted bail, but it's A LOT
			Talia has been making the rounds to the safehouses, so they're available for healing
				Belladonna has also been pitching in when she can
				But public-facing members are having to keep low
			Alistair tells on Karl
				Has been that way since before joining up
			Alistair reports that a vampire is being targeted unfairly
				If it comes up, they should consider keeping her around until her name is cleared
				Might be affiliated with Beltracci
					Alistair doesn't know him
					Other dude does
						Rather not draw Beltracci's ire
		Moving on to others
			More reports and checking for other info
				Frey left immediately after the bad heist and seems to have helped found the Clutch
				Mateo left after a few weeks after doing nothing following Dorfinn's arrest
					He's a good kid, and dude hopes that he realizes that joining the Clutch was a mistake
			Note: Alistair is specifically omitting the fact that's he's joined up with us
		Alistair returns to the inn
Sunday morning
	Tetron and Nilbog wake up at the crack of dawn for the resurrection ritual
		They see sleep-deprived Harrison Hoyert
		Cleric is also there and verifies that the right ritual is useable
			He asks whether Tetron and Nilbog are also there to help with the children
			Dude is a worshipper of Erastil
		Tetron and Nilbog are taught the Resurrect ritual
		After 8 hours, the ritual critically fails
			Tetron's lack of investment fucks up the ritual
			Leslie rises as an undead again
	Breakfast with the rest of the Radiant Dawn
		DRAMATIC IRONY
		We discuss what to do
			Krug suggests that we at least get some info on the missing livestock thing
	Saltgrass Yards
		We find the Ham and Hock
			Pig-focused place
			Pigs seem like they're having a good time
			We're greeted by an older human man wearing a large apron
				He's shoveling some sty
			We explain that we're here about the missing livestock
				He introduces himself as "Ol' Greggy Totters"
				Two of the farmhands went missing
					They clocked in and haven't been seen since
				Several adult pigs missing too
					Could just be poaching
					They are branded and such, so it'd be difficult to resell within Almas
				Monetary reward is 50 gp, but can also offer smoked or fresh meat
			Alistair: How could someone steal an entire pig without being noticed?
				Happening at night
				There are guards, but they can't light the whole place
					Could see folks entering and leaving normally, but...
			Alistair: Anyone else around having the same problem?
				Just them, as far as he knows
			Note: We are on the wrong side of the main road for a river escape
			Alistair: Any unusual sightings?
				No, why?
				Could be a monster
				Once, when the first pig went missing, he saw "small people footprints"
					Halfling size
					Only humans work here
			Viola: Anything special about the folks who went missing?
				Nope
			Alistair: How long ago was the most recent disappearance?
				Oathday
			He shows us to the place where the folks were last seen
				We have to put on bandanas and shoe covers
				Blood everywhere in the fresh kill storage
				Also shown the smokehouse
				Investigation time!
					Zaknos looking for clues
						Looking at bloodflow
						High-traffic area
						Checking the doors
					Alistair looking for signs of a scuffle
						The room slants in a conical way to drain the blood
						He notices a blood splatter that seems to have gone in a different direction from the overall flow
						He looks around further
							The blood drains are too small
							There is a door located on the other side
					Zaknos goes to lift a drain grate
						He finds a long, think, and jagged knife
						He is barely able to grab it
						Is it a tool or a weapon?
							This is a knife used for butchering, particularly good at cutting tendons
								Goblins would know it as a dogslicer
							It's narrow enough to have fallen through the grate
								Not necessarily the murder weapon
					Viola checks what's in the direction the splatter came from
						A door to the exterior
						Alistair looks around
							No tracks
							Flat stones leading to other places
					Viola asks if the knife belong to the place
						It doesn't, but it is used in butchering, but their pigs are too big for it
					Alistair: Any potential motive to attack?
						Nothing he can think of
					Viola: Any personal info
						One dude has a family, other dude is single
						The whole crew goes out after shifts
					Viola looks for structural oddities in the blood room
						Building is old
						Walls are kept relatively clean
						Brushes to wipe the floors
					Alistair goes to check the nearest guard station
						Iron and Hoof Gatehouse
						Alistair reports what we found
						Was there anything unusual in the area?
						Guard: Are you LAP-certified?
							Hell yeah
						Guard checks her log for Oathday
							Relatively light
							Were there any unchecked carts?
								No
							Anything that spooked the guards?
								No
							Pig carcasses have left the city
								Alistair says he'll check to make sure those were legit sales
					Alistair reports
						No, they weren't sales
						They don't do business with folks out in Tent'lund
						Zaknos suggests that maybe they're stealing to resell
		As we leave, the guard checks in with Alistair
			Yes, they were unauthorized
			She'll keep an eye out
			She was there for one of the departures
				They were goblins
			Alistair: Where were the goblins headed?  Did they have any distinguishing markings?
				Don't keep logs of destination
				They were more gray than green
			Alistair: Do many goblins live in Tent'lund?
				Eh.
	Out to Tent'lund
		Population is mostly human and similar ancestries
		Zaknos goes to ask around for illicit meats
			He's pointed to a residence on the far end of Tent'lund
				They've got some expensive shit
			One of the folks he's around is a halfling with two braids
				She has a huge backpack
					She has a green lantern attached to it
				She sprints away in fear
				Viola runs after her, trying to help
					She insists that she doesn't want to be talked to
					She's making religious gestures as she runs
					She's running away from civilization
					Viola insists that she's here to help
	Out of Tent'lund
		Viola identifies the lantern on her bag as a folk ward against the undead
			She calls out to tell her that Zaknos isn't undead
		Viola makes one last plea to tell her that we're here to help
			She rejects, and Viola turns to walk away, wishing her a good day
		The halfling calls back out
			She says that adventurers need to go to Galt
				Viola explains that we're working our way to that
				And, actually, if she knows stuff about Galt, then she might be able to help us
			The halfling says that she wants something in return
				What does she want?
					Money, safety
					Viola offers to set her up somewhere if she's been sleeping outdoors
			Why doesn't she feel safe?
				Bad energy coming from the grassy area with the big buildings (Fields of Concord)
				Viola mentions that there are a lot of angry people there
				The halfling thought Andoran would be safe
			She wants passage elsewhere
				Viola asks if she wants to go to Augustana
				She doesn't know Andoren geography
				Viola offers to show her map
					Halfling doesn't want to get closer
				Viola tells her of a place up north that's a small town rebuilding out in the woods (New Hope)
					Viola is even friends with the mayor
					The halfling is willing to talk
			Viola invites her to sit down on a stump out of the way to talk
				The halfling's name is Boring
				Viola tells her that she can approach at her own pace


XP
--
30