A5S12
-----

Sunday evening
	Iris receives the auction winnings
		She has Krug carry the fey orb
			Where do we let her out?
				Probably can't contact Cyanthia in the Black Pit Tavern
				Viola: Quickfall Abbey is deserted
	Iris is going to meet up with Patia
		Viola, take point on the fey
	Distribution of winnings
		Iris hands the intelligent prayer beads to Krug
			Wha?
			The beads start speaking to thank us
				He asks Krug's name
					"Uh... Krug.  Do you need help?"
						Not much now, but I'd like to travel with you until you deem that I'm useful elsewhere
						His home is in Oppara
				Krug asks the beads' name
					Priest Philikrei
	Iris heads off to meet Patia
		Location is the Quickfall Abbey
		Patia has made a ring out of bundles of wood and various other containers in a mosaic-lined courtyard
		Patia expresses surprise that Iris came alone
			Iris: I'm not sure the others would be interested in what we have going on here
		Patia motions for Iris to pull aside the cloth covering the containers
			Some are filled with a fine gray powder, there's chalk, and also the Iris homunculus
		Patia explains that she was doing some reading
			She found a ritual to fortify weaponry built for a deity
			A burning for transitions in life
				Iris is to place her prosthetic into the fire and reaffirm her commitment to service
			Patia has never done this before
				She's a little concerned about the impending rain, but she feels compelled to do the rite now
		The two work in silence to set up a seven-foot-wide pyre
	Meanwhile, the others return to the Black Pit Tavern
		Krug is hoisting the palanquin containing the fey all by himself
		Digging through the grab bag
			2 greater potion patches
			1 penaceatic salve
			Thousand-year-old dragonroot
			Greater desolation locket
			Memory palace
			3 bound scrolls
			Ink
		The stuff has a distinct Tian vibe, rather than Avistani
			Imagery on the locket nearly jogs Tetron's memory
				But he can't place it
		The scrolls are written a language we can't read
			Tetron starts reallocating a Translate spell
			Scroll 1
				Formal correspondence between someone with the last name Ibara and someone else called Yin
				Clarifying something held in the memory palace
					The idioms make it difficult to figure out what it's talking about
			Scroll 2 is the same
			Scroll 3 is nearly the same, but also mentions a Lord Kenric
				Also talks about transferring or sharing the family industry of fine metalwork
				Kenric rings a bell for Tetron
					That's his great-grandfather, and his wife's maiden name is Ibara - Colette
					The Ibaras are known for their metalwork
						The Ibaras previously lived in Cassomir, but left for Oppara after a major conflict
		Who gets the bag?
			Alistair
			Who gets Alistair's old bag?
				???
				It's a broad banded one
				Krug takes it, but now there's another extra bag
					???
		Now that we're done, we guess it's time to head to Quickfall to free the fey
			More Krug hoisting
	At the Abbey
		We come upon Iris and Patia's pyre
			They sit on either side, eyes closed
		Iris welcomes us
			Viola: Sorry, I didn't realize you were here
			Might as well stay and observe
		Viola: Should wait to let the fey out until after
		The storm above continues to gather
			The air pressure builds
		Patia begins the prayer
			Iris gives the second part of the prayer - an affirmation of what to leave behind and what to take forward
				She pledges to right the wrongs committed against her and those who cannot defend themselves
				As Iris speaks, a dim purple light grows as a supernatural fire starts on the pyre
					The prosthetic is consumed by flame
		Our ears pop
			We hear the faint movement of dried reeds, from somewhere
			We turn our gazes skyward
				Something is falling, slower than things normally fall
			Heavy rain starts falling, but the other falling thing has not yet arrived
			All of a sudden, a deep maroon washes over everything
			We (except Iris) are overcome with a vision
				A manifestation of conflict breaks apart, and plummets toward the earth
				Achakek has murdered Gorum, and our mortal minds have to try to make sense of that
			Meanwhile, Iris senses that something is happening in the background, but her attention is on the pyre
				The blaze is so intense that the heat drives everyone besides Iris and Patia
				Iris hears echoes, rhymes, and such of her words, but in Arazni's voice
					"I am Arazni.  I am my own strength.  My will and my destiny are my own.  Through my own power, I ascend."
					Iris and Patia recite these words too, but with their own names.
				Iris witnesses Arazni as her pallid complexion regains living color; Arazni has given up on trying to reclaim her mortal body's organs or anything like that; she is whole because she declares herself to be
				The rain doesn't touch Iris's prosthetic
				The rest of us see streaks of purple newly formed in Iris's hair, and her eyes now glow gold
				Iris has undergone a change in perspective: her prosthetic is no longer an assistive device, but just her arm
				Iris steps into the flame to reclaim her arm; everything else has burned away
					It's clean, polished, brand-new
					The paint previously on it has burned away, but the metal beneath is now just those colors
			Iris emerges from the flame, her arm glowing red-hot, entirely too hot for her to have put back on and yet she has
			Krug, on the other hand, has his attention elsewhere
				His scimitar pulses and sings, and he feels a hot spot on his forehead
				He feels odd; not ill, but like something has clicked into place, but he isn't sure
			A feeling of anticipation fills us (except Iris)
		Tetron casts Wall of Force as a big umbrella
			We gather ourselves for a moment before heading inside to get out of the rain
	Inside Quickfall Abbey
		Iris calls Sloane
			She asks Sloane to join us at the abbey, should she be willing to brave the weather
			She accepts the invitation
		Krug asks Philikrei what his take is
			"Do you feel the energy that was kept inside of him, unleashed onto the world, with nowhere to go?"
			Gorum was the god of war and honor; what happens with those when he's gone?
				A small kernel of that untempered energy is now in everyone and everything
		We notice a yellow-green mark on Krug's forehead
			But he doesn't feel like that heat was the Gorum stuff
			It doesn't wipe away
			Iris holds up her mirror so he can see
			Iris remembers the orc tradition of the Crucible, where dead orcs challenge their gods
				This mark is a facsimilie of a mark of victory
				So someone connected to Krug has died and then won
					Krug: So... Mahja?
		Sloane shows up
			Tetron cleans her off
			Sloane: Here?
				Iris: It's a matter of coincidence
			Sloane takes Iris's changes in
				"You did this in the half-hour since the auction?"
		How do we get the orb open?
			Tetron: Summon Cyanthia?
				Viola: Okay
			Viola summons Cyanthia
				She flies up to the ceiling to keep her time-warping aura away from us
				Cyanthia gives her thanks
				Viola: Any advice on making opening comfortable?
					It unscrews from the bottom, so someone has to be adjacent
		Viola: I made the bargain, I'll take point
			Krug helps Viola tilt the orb over to reveal the plug
			Everyone backs away
			Viola begins unscrewing the plug
				It's tough, but slow and sure
				As progress is made, she feels increasingly queasy
			As the plug comes free, something slithers and rises out of the crack, like a ghost
				But Viola doesn't notice, because she's consumed by her own thoughts
					She hears an unearthly shriek
					She feels as if she were 15 or 16
					A pulsing headache
						One that can only come from severe distortion of self
						But she maintains control of her faculties
					She hears a voice: "Who are you, when you're not performing?"
						Viola: I'm always performing.
						Why?
						Viola: I'm nothing when not performing.
			On the outside, Viola screams and shakes
			Viola finds herself in a scene: sitting in her family's moving carriage
				Her mother chides her for method acting
				Wanda: What would you have me do instead?
				Mom: You can take off the role.
				Wanda: Yes, but what to do instead?
				Dad: Be yourself, you're special
			Tetron shouts up at the fey, asking whether they're going to do anything about Viola
				"Whatever she's going through is her own."
				"If I approach her now, it will be her undoing."
			Iris approaches Viola
				"You're going to tell me that saving that child from the Bain mansion was an act?"
			The scene around Viola is coalescing, causing her to lose herself as Viola
				She feels a brief moment of pushback as a fragment of a memory interjects
					Fire, fighting, broken window, braced arms
				Wanda has a performance this evening, and she needs to lock in
			Tetron approaches Viola now
				"No one can act their way through the conviction you had when talking down Tessra Briarwood"
			Wanda hears the humming of her father, the smells of the wagon's wood, etc.
				We're on our way to Almas
				We set up for tonight's performance
				Wanda pulls out a sack containing her princess costume
					But the costume is all she has to put on, on account of the method acting
			Tetron prepares his Potion of Shared Memories
			Alistair recalls Viola's efforts to help Alseta
				Krug shakes her in the meantime
			Wanda steps onto the lit stage
				It's nearly blinding, but she can see the first few rows of the audience
				Performing in Andoran is great, because it's a lot more receptive, despite the lower ticket revenue
				Wanda suddenly feels a bit unstable
					She takes a moment to regain her footing
					But she feels like she's stepping into a warm pool; smells of earthy dampness
					But the show must go on, and she steps forward
				Wanda is gone, and the princess Galinda takes the stage
			Tetron finishes preparing the potion
				He had consulted the others for the most "Viola" moment
					They decide on Viola's takedown of Payden Teedum
			Wanda's blocking is precise
				The blade must pierce the hay behind her opponent
					It's truly sharpened, in order to set off the mechanism
				After the fight scene, she needs to make a quick costume change
				She is in the midst of delivering her final line of the fight, but she's interrupted by a wave of memories
					She has to stop what she's doing
					She stabs the opposing actor
						The wound isn't mortal
						He clutches the rapier in his side
				Wanda is lost in the moment, unsure what to do
			But Viola is back in the abbey
				But she clutches her head, as she has taken massive psychological damage
					And it all stems from the question: "Who are you when you're not acting?"
				She's gasping for air
			Cyanthia apologizes for her sister's effect on Viola
				Iris: But what of your other sister, when we free her?
					The fey of the past responds: The future is murky for most, but yours is far more interesting
						But you reached out to me.  You had me write your book.
							Viola: Huh?  We've never met.
						Ah, but you have, after your failure at the Basilica of the Last Man
							Viola: I've never been there
						Ah, but you have
							Tetron: You're confusing her
						I'm relishing the timeline you've found yourselves in
				Tetron: How do you perceive the future as though it were the past?
					They're one and the same
				Tetron: Since you have skin in the game, do you have any advice?
					Sure... The weakest among you is the strongest, the strongest among you is the weakest.
				Iris: So how do we contact you for the next rescue?
					Iris is granted a dead scarab
					"Simply wish it alive when you wish to speak."
						Iris: How amusing
		The fey vanish
		Iris takes Sloane aside
			She explains that we're stuck in Cassomir for the time being
			Sloane: Having not lived during the death of a major god before, I'll just have to imagine that things will be on pause for a while
				Since we're both here for a while, it's a good time to bring this up: I could help refine your fighting style, specifically with the mirror images
	We head back to the Black Pit Tavern
		The rain is normal now, though still heavy
		But we hang out in the main room with drinks and stuff
		Iris is going to crash with Sloane
			She doesn't want to be forced to have to be in a confined space with the rest of us for a month
			Viola gets control over the room's config
				Each party member gets a corner themed to their tastes
				Viola does prank Tetron with a stable
	Iris and Sloane walk back to the Roaring Hall
		Sloane makes space for two
		She expresses that she'll probably find nicer accommodations if she's staying here longer
		After they lay down, Sloane asks if she may test a theory
			She blows out the candles
			Iris's eyes do light up a little space around
Bedtime!

XP
--
