A5S14
-----

Toilday noon
	Investigating the temporal/fey stuff
		Fetch the case files from Greyguard
			Missing people
				Herding dog
				14-year-old halfling girl
				Human male bricklayer
				Old human man and his half-elf wife
			Viola suggests following up on the dog first
				How could a dog give consent to be taken?
		Interviews
			Dog's family
				Nice home right off the square with the offending fountain
					Has an extension with a big chimney
				Greeted by a servant
				Occupant is a half-orc woman
				Story: Oscar (the dog) went missing the day a luncheon was being held at the home.  Cooks were getting materials ready, but the dog ran in and snatched some food.  Happy dog who patrols the premises, devoted house dog, good with kids.
					This was one month ago
				Oscar often played with her son's friends
					Her son does not know the 14-year-old
				Tetron asks to speak with her son
					Kid's name is Christopher
					He let the dog into the kitchen to sneak some of the food
						Oscar got a whole chicken
						Christopher got three peanut butter cookies
					One of the cooks chased Oscar away, but Christopher made it back to his room
						We talk to the cook - orc woman
							She likes the dog, and she hadn't had any previous issues
							Escaped through the door, having been opened by a courier
							She did not see the specific moment Oscar vanished
				Alistair gets bored and leaves
		Alistair at the fountain
			He looks around for any signs of magic
				There's a lot of money in it
				It's way too nice
		The rest of us finish talking to the cook and leave
			We find Alistair too close to the fountain
			Tetron relents and casts Read Aura
				Sure is magic in here
			As Tetron starts analysis in earnest, Alistair flicks a coin into the fountain, making a wish to learn what's up with the missing people
				He feels drawn closer, looks into the water, and sees a little creature next to his reflection
					It introduces itself
					It didn't do any convincing, just has the power to make their desires so
					Alistair asks what can be done to bring them home
						They would have to be spoken to
					It got the power from the time fey as it flew overhead in escape
						It offered refuge, and the fey liked that
					Alistair tries to explain that mortals don't stay afraid
			Meanwhile, to the rest of us, Alistair has just been staring slack-jawed into the water
				Tetron has identified this as medium-strength chronomancy
				He figures that it's worth addressing the fey
					He speaks Thalassic at the fountain
						The fey suddenly cuts off speaking to Alistair, saying that it doesn't like speaking to two mortals at the same time
			[I was too tired to keep up - Alistair and Krug individually convince folks to leave]
				Horse girl is going to visit the horse union in Oppara
				Bricklayer goes to face his husband divorcing him
				Krug tells Oscar to go find Christopher
				Dying husband tells his wife to go experience life without him
			Tetron returns with the boba
				They were out of strawberry, so he got rhubarb for Viola
					...the fuck?
	Iris and Sloane training
		Sloane's been testing the boundaries of the duplicate and it popping
		They're done for now, Iris invites Sloane out for boba
			They get the last of the strawberry flavor
			They are on their way out as Tetron gets into line
				Iris suggests rhubarb as the replacement for strawberry
	Reporting back about the missing people
		Various conversation around us
			Teleport, sending, and such spells are borked
			Lord High Executioner Marley's name comes up
			A place called Jeamut Stop comes up
				Starting to fall apart; severe lack of personell
		Tetron is uncertain about the Cyrus situation and invites the rest of us along
			Iris is told about Future Chimpy
		The IMG building suddenly abuzz
			News from Admiralty Citadel that some military person has returned
			Someone wonders aloud whether this should be mentioned to Hosetter
			The phrase "time fey" comes up
			We follow
	Now at the Admiralty Citadel
		We get stopped at the door
		Okay, nevermind, let's go to the park
	Vaylen Park
		Some gossip
			Various random stuff
			Someone died at the gates, reporting a creature attacking Slatedown
				It's many-armed
				Birds swarming the site
				The dude was the last of the Murkback Keep guys
				Arms coming out of clothes
					Viola: Doesn't sound like the sort of place where Kasissa would end up...
						Iris didn't meet Kasissa, so we fill her in
							Iris puts together how fucking scary she is
								Related to Qlippoths, but methodical
								She berates us for being so casual about her and not killing her before
									Nah, dude, she scary
		We find Cyrus sitting alone in one of the pavilions
			He's pensive
			Tanner, hair grown out a little, more practical (albeit still fine) outfit
			He greets us all, while only looking at Tetron
			Why is Cyrus in the city?
				Summoned along with his professor (Geagus)
				On account of our mission to get turtle eggs and thus first encounter with the Bains
				They TPed a few days ago
			His professor is meeting with a travelling scholar
				It's mid-semester, so he does need to get back
			Cyrus asks why we look so haggard
				Tetron starts to catch him up
				Iris suggests that the rest of us give them the space
					Before we leave, Cyrus and Iris properly introduce
					We split up
	Krug at the local temple to Sarenrae
		Krug prays for reassurance and guidance regarding the tribunal
			He begins to hear the faint sound of running water
				Like hearing an ocean from far away
			He fills dim light around him, not the light of the sun
				Something is here with Krug
					Even in this mental space
					"Hello.  Am I on the right path?"
					Someone steps out of the ocean - it's Varuk?
						"What are you doing here?"
						They're far away, but Krug approaches
					As Krug walks, he starts to hear a waterfall
					Varuk: Why are you here in my meditative space?
						"I was just praying."
					Krug checks in
						Varuk is in Oppara, trying to petition members of the Opparan Council to be more generous or at least more friendly toward various orc groups
						This is a very confusing time for them
							Their forehead has gained a mark
							They feel many threads pulling them in different directions
						They weren't praying to Sarenrae, just reflecting on the functions of life
							Was Krug praying?
								Yeah, about the coming trial, wanting to get reassurance that he's on the right path
					The two reach an outcropping, looking out over the waterfall
						Varuk has a cushion and a book here
						They invite Krug to sit
					The waterfall's noise starts to drown out Varuk's voice
						In this moment, he feels that the distance from the top to the bottom of the waterfall is unsettling
							And he's gotten awfully far from his original prayer
					Varuk muses on how the Hold of Belkzen doesn't have major water features, so they spent a lot of time imagining such a place
						They don't come here often, but it's usually when they're thinking about how to follow their own path
							Krug: I do my best to do what is right.  But it's getting harder and harder to understand what "right" is.
							Varuk: What do you want it to be?
							Krug: I don't know, but there's just so much suffering.  I just want to do my best to make that better, ease souls, and such.  People don't always mean to inflict suffering, so they should be given the opportunity to redeem themselves.  It's hard to know where to draw the line when determining what makes the most positive difference in the world.
							Varuk: It's a fine line to draw.  With more power or ability to make change, it's tough.
							After a moment, Varuk: I want you to know that, whatever you choose, you've not only saved others but also know yourself. [leans in] Wake up.
		Present back in the temple
			Krug wonders whether that was even Varuk
			He doesn't feel like this makes his choices easier, but it's reassuring to have the solidarity with Varuk in this way
			So what now?
				Reflect for a bit, then back to Black Pit Tavern
	Alistair, meanwhile, back at the fountain
		He starts speaking to Felicity
			She's been there for a few hundred years, so what's changed, what's there to discover, etc
			In exchange, he tells her about his life
				Providing perspective on mortal life
			Options of stories
				Quickfall Abbey
				Slatedown
				The Rainyard
				Cur's Tooth
				Amber Trellis
			Alistair picks Cur's Tooth
				Spread-out, mold-like settlements used to dot the area surrounding Cassomir
				A flood basically wiped out those settlements
				Cur's Tooth used to be on the Taldan side of the river, and Swiftkip was the shantytown
				The Taldan authorities started killing undesirables in Swiftkip
				It was about 40 years ago that Cur's Tooth started being a place to take in these folks, on account of Andoran being nice
				Tarik used to have a different face
					He sold it, about 20 years ago, to some powerful entity to help others in Cur's Tooth
					He was a human, not an orc
						A politician, in fact
					The power he got is luck and slipperiness, and he shares this with the orphans
				The Taldans took notice of the fey that helped Tarik and others like it, and they got rid of them, making Felicity the last (she was not powerful enough at the time to be noticed), and she keeps a low profile as a result
				The person who sold out the feys' locations
					Gaultier the Galbrate
					Felicity sees him as ever-greedy, but too much of a coward to seek it out himself, so he destroys what he can't have instead
	Viola at a tavern
		She sits alone, lost in sad thought
	Iris and Sloane at the Black Pit Tavern
		More practice with the mirror implement
		Sloane double-checks that Iris is okay with getting hurt with this
			The plan is to build up tolerance to pain
	Tetron and Cyrus at Vaylen Park
		After general catching up...
		Cyrus: A lot of what's been happening has been going on for a while.  I don't want to pry, but I'm here to lean on.  Even if I can't solve it, because I can share a burden.  You look like, from the moment you wake to the moment you sleep, you're carrying a heavy burden.
		Tetron: We do important work.  And it feels like the world is cracking a little.
		Cyrus: I took the break from my studies so that I wouldn't be a burden on you.
		Tetron: I was literally about to ask you to travel with us.
		Cyrus: Before I answer you, know this: what you're asking of me is that, everything you get into, all the things that you don't share with friends or other allies, I will be experience.  You understand?
		Tetron: Yes, and it's a calculation whether you being here or away is safest.  Especially since it's getting more and more uncertain as time goes on. [leans in] There are wars brewing...  If that's happening, where would I rather you be?  I am not all-powerful, but I'm growing stronger every day, and you give me strength too.
		Cyrus: Is it your goal to become all-powerful?
		Tetron: Only as powerful as is needed for stability.
		Cyrus: TBH, I was also thinking about asking to join too, but my concern is this: even with my recent training, I'm not as strong as you all.  But when I think about the future, I do it with wishes and with fears.  And the fear of uncertainty is like standing in front of a vast chasm.  If I unmoor myself from my studies, it'd be like falling in.  But I wish to be with you.  No matter what happens, if I get hurt or worse, I don't want you to look back on this moment with regret.  Promise me that you understand that I do this as my own choice.
		They go to find the others to ask for retroactive permission
	Reconvene at the Black Pit Tavern
		Tetron has that sus look on his face
			Viola calls him out
			Inviting Cyrus
				Viola: Oh, that's it?  Sure, whatever.
				Iris jokingly suggests that we need Borgon's permission too
					He approves
		Tetron wants to help Cyrus get as strong as us
			Sure
		Borgon gets Tetron's attention
			The staff
			Tetron locks himself in the bathroom and projects his mind into the staff
	Inside the Zenith Staff
		Targane is standing instead of his usual sitting, and he looks livid
		"I told you to stay away from that man.  This is what happens when you don't obey."

XP
--
30