A5S15
-----

Toilday evening
	Within the Zenith Staff
		Targane tries to regain his composure
		Tetron notices the materials for a ritual arranged across the ground around him
		Targane: The first thing I need to do is apologize
			Tetron takes the opportunity to move out of the ritual circle while Targane speaks
				But... Targane casts a spell to restrain him - Let me speak first
		Targane says that he's been treating Tetron unkindly and has been unfair to the others
			"My temper gets the better of me."
			In mortal life, he often got his way
			He's been viewing Tetron's actions through the lens of his own life, rather than taking Tetron in his own context
			Tetron's recent choices have clarified things for Targane
			Targane claims to be wanting to more transparent
			Tetron acknowledges there is a lot the two have in common - there is room to cooperate
				"You have to treat me with a modicum of respect as an individual"
					Targane: I have no problem treating you with respect, and I'm even coming around to some of your companions, but you are dabbling in diversions
						Tetron: This removes inhibitions against me doing my best; the moment I have Cyrus with me is the moment I don't have to worry whether he's safe
							If controlling my environment doesn't make me a better wizard, I don't know what does
			Targane believes that Tetron's recent irrational decisions have been centered around Cyrus
				Targane wants to know that Tetron's objective is still magic
				Tetron's been doing a lot of "altruistic" deeds
					Including offering to put his own growth aside to help Cyrus strengthen
					Tetron: I'm playing 4D-Chess, not just with my own development, but with those around me
					Tetron recounts how his family's greyhound favored his mother far more than his father
						Because Merginus only ever pushed the dog
		Targane dismisses the ritual circle
			Targane: I wasn't a father in my mortal life, but I see the merits in allowing you to live your own way.  However, I'd like to make two proposals to build trust:
				Allow 30 minutes of uninterrupted time to get to know Cyrus
					Tetron wants assurance that Cyrus be made aware of the switch ahead of time
				If Tetron's pursuit of arcane and personal growth is found sorely lacking, we will have this talk again
			Tetron has a counter-demand for trust: no more ritual traps
				Except... Targane doesn't need anything of Tetron, not socialization, not anything like that
					Then why give boons?
						Isn't that what love is?
							Huh?  No.
		Good day
	Tetron finds himself back in the bathroom
		Taranis has been pecking Tetron in the leg
			Tetron: Alert the others when this happens, rather than trying to get me out of it
				Borgon will remember this
	Tetron emerges
		What now?  We have an hour until the tribunal starts
			Tetron: Was there a dress code?
				Viola: Nah, but I'm probably gonna leave my weapons
To the tribunal
	Along the way, Tetron mentions the conversation with Targane
	It's a packed house
		Petitioners, those involved in the case
			That includes us
		Multiple noble houses
		Cyrus, his peers, his professor
		Flinthawk crew
		Some Hosetter representation
			Plus a sprite on a corgi
		There are some casters, maintaining the Ring of Truth spell for testimonies
		Some Opparans in the crowd
			Tetron recognizes some of them
				A woman in a pink hijab taking notes: Miss Sayeg, representing a chemical company
				House Deschamps (Lord Benoit and Lady Benee)
					They own swaths of the Jewel Strand (Oppara's beach), working in hospitality
				House Tylria (Lord Regnier and Lady Lycelle), new money (came into it via service), agriculturally-focused, halflings
		Some folks from Almas
	Opening statements start
		The tribunal board are Gov Mose Bailey, Adm Kasaba, and the Grand Executioner
	The first day's proceedings are boring boilerplate
		Cheliff is survived by her pregnant spouse and awakened lizard familiar
		House DeVorge has taken on representation of House Vaylen, on account of a connection by marriage
	What are we going to omit?
		Margot's spywork
		Breakfast
		Bain Egg
		Explicit mention of the Chelaxian invasion plans
		Crossing the police line into the Bain house
Skimming through the following days
	Iris, in addition to working with Sloane, is working on deepening her connection to Arazni
	Tetron pursues time magic by way of analyzing Viola's experience with exposure to the Elder Fey of the Past
		Also strategizing with Cyrus regarding Targane
	Alistair helps the folks in Cur's Tooth and works with Cyrus on mutual magic development
		Also spending time with Felicity (the fountain fey)
	Viola explores her personal issues and does some performances
	Krug offers services to Sarenites, Cur's Tooth, etc, plus physical training
Skip to Oathday the 29th
	Not needed at tribunal today
	While doing morning prep, we receive some news
		Margot is at Hosetter and has regained consciousness - she has reached out for a meeting
		Starday the 31st will feature funerals for Houses Vaylen and Prialla
			The city will basically be shut down
			Tetron figures that it'd be a good look for us to attend
			Viola wants to pay her respects to the Prialla girl she and Krug rescued
	Tetron suggests taking a look at the quest board before making a firm call on what to do today
		Blackrock search-and-rescue has been updated to recovery
			And is now sponsored by the government
		About a half-dozen merc positions for the noble houses in Cassomir
		Cypria's livestock issue is gone
		Gillies wanted security, but the posting is gone - murderer wanted
		A couple other quests removed
		Great Eye liminal space quest removed
		House DeVorge public humiliation quest removed
	So, let's chat with Margot, then
		Along the way, we hear rumors about things in the wake of the Godsrain
			But they're muddled and confused, as long-range movement and communication are hampered
			The tension and discomfort permeates everyday life
			There was a small temple here in town to a deity that has now died, and the anxiety from that has taken a bit to grow
			Arazni worship is starting to blossom, even here in Cassomir
		We arrive and are led to a small sunlit room
			Margot sits on the bed, facing away from us
			She's holding a fine huge bowl, filligreed with five-petaled flowers
			Margot doesn't speak until Viola checks in
				"I'm still alive"
			Viola offers to help her with the bowl
				Margot starts to reminisce in response
					Letters back and forth with Arando since the engagement over a year ago
					She had mentioned that she would miss Von Surtic lemons in her tea, and she was astonished to find this bowl overfilled with the lemons the night she arrived at House Vaylen
					She has survivor's guilt - she had misjudged Arando; he was kind, even if she might not have ever come to love him
			She called for us to give a warning
				The head of House DeVorge is now also head of House Vaylen, and the DeVorges are part of the Orthodox Exaltists
				Our killing of Cheliff has galvanized the Exaltists against us
					Iris: Why would just killing Cheliff be enough to have them move against us?
						The quarrel was initially personal, but the public news will escalate it
				Viola: How to make contact with informants?
					Cold drops were the play, but that's not as much of a thing anymore
					Don't contact them directly, or at least be subtle about it
				Viola: Thank you, Margot.  I wish you a speedy recovery.  If you need anything, please let us know.
	Now to Star Bay
		Oh.  Wait.  It's a ten-hour boat ride.
	Uh...  Book of Parting?
		It's still really dangerous.
		Viola: We should have asked the time fey how to make it safe.
		Tetron takes a crack at diagnosing the effect
			It's not a curse
			It's behaving more like an intelligent creature than an inanimate object with a trigger
			Options on how to soothe
				Divine magic
				Handling it like a creature to calm it
				Time magic could ply it
				Decrease the knowledge gap between ourselves and the alternate versions of ourselves who wrote it
			Viola: If time magic is nice for it, we could take it to the mansion where the future fey is
				Which we shouldn't do now
	Murders and disappearances?
		Gelena Gillies
			We arrive at Marina's Catch, a brothel
				The owner isn't really happy to have yet another group ask about the case
					She says it's pretty cut-and-dry, as it was probably a jealous client
					She doesn't seem particularly bothered by the death
					Security detail was pulled the day before she died
						Because of the Cheliff thing
						But why did she want a detail anyway?
							Jealous co-workers - other girls might not appreciate a "patroned girl"
								So who was the patron?
									Uh... turns out to be irrelevant because Luyou can't even find that in her notes
					Viola catches her out on the fact that the undertaker has come multiple times, but he doesn't have city credentials, and she doesn't even know their name
						Could be Jimenez, based on description
				While the owner BSes more at the rest of us, Alistair slinks off to a trap door in a kitchen, the only back room he notices
					The door has bells on it to signal opening
					He checks for traps on the trap door
						LOOKS CLEAR
						He opens it up, and there's a click, and a projectile shoots up at him, but he dodges it easily
					A pitch-dark room below, with a figure laid on a table
						Tools of dismemberment
						Vials and rags and potions
						He looks for documentation
							Doesn't find any, but he does notice that this is an unfinished basement - dirt floor
							Shoe prints impressed in the floor
				A pair of customers walk in, giving the owner the opportunity to escape the conversation
				Alistair goes to inspect the body
					The moment he removes the cloth, he can't really comprehend what he's looking at, but after a moment, it clicks - the body is regenerating
						This is not Gelena
					He slips back upstairs
				Tetron continues to pressure the owner about the undertaker
					She finally relents and produces a dossier of incidents over the past five years
					This is about when Alistair returns
						He notices similarities in appearance between the living girls and the body
						He Messages us about the body
				When the owner asks if we have any further questions, Viola asks her what's going on with the body in the basement
					"It's not necromancy!"
					"It's like repotting a plant.  The customers don't ask questions."
						Viola: Yeah, because this isn't the sort of thing one would think to ask about?!
				The conversation has caught the attention of the rest of the brothel
					Customers have backed away
					Normal-looking girls have backed away
				Krug notices an assassin above
					Viola calls her out, and Tetron asks her to just come down quietly
				Owner: Alright, what do you want to know?
					Viola: How, who, where, etc
					Gillies was not grown, but she did need grafting
					She did not order her death, but she did consent to it
				Alistair notices a gnome customer escaping out a window, so he messages him to go get the police
				Owner continues to make her argument
					She tries to bribe us with her "wares"
						Are you fucking serious?  Not even with money?
							She doesn't have the money, she sends it elsewhere
								To whom?
									Not my business
										YES IT IS!!!
									Capra the Trader
										Issamaco Courtyard
										Tengu
				The cops show up
					We give the rundown
			Time to hunt down Jimenez
				Down to the Lowmark district
					Quiet here, as the shipping intake is done for the morning
				He's butchering a pig
				He looks up at us with a wide-eyed mania
				Viola asks what he knows about the business dealings of Marina's Catch, given its unsavory nature
					Jimenez is kind of wishy-washy about his answers, even asking Viola's opinion on the ethics
				What of Gillies's body?
					He says it's already been interred
						Before the murder has been solved?
							He says that there's only so much the city is willing to do for the bottom-class
				Alistair slips out, climbs up onto the roof, then places a magic door to drop down onto the rafters in the back room
					There's a small living space here
						One the bed is a frankensteined woman - Gillies
							She sits in a fetal position
						And a young man next to her - clearly Jimenez's son, on account of the scarring
							He speaks in gentle yet insistent tones
					Alistair drops right in on them
						Son: Who the fuck are you? [pulls out knife]
							Alistair: You should put that away before you hurt yourself.  I'm here to rescue her.
								Son: She doesn't need rescuing.
									Alistair asks her whether she needs help, but she's in shock
							Son: See?  She's like us.  The brothel gave her to us, so we could make a family.
						Alistair starts to get the vibe that Jimenez's son has a mental disability, and he's acting on what he's been told - his understanding of the situation and the broader world is stark
						Alistair talks the son down from having the knife out
							Son: Jimenez will be mad about this...
							Alistair: I just want to get her help.  If she wants to come back after, she's more than welcome.
							Son: Oh, okay.
						Alistair offers his hand to Gillies, and she takes it
							He leads her to the Port Authority, tactically using Invisibility to give her some decency
							And he drags police along to arrest Jimenez
				After a few minutes of conversation, the son emerges into the shop
					He nervously asks for Jimenez, who immediately scolds him for coming out when told not to
					The son slinks back into the back
					Tetron: That your son?
						Jimenez: In a way.  I took him in and am teaching him to be a man.
						Tetron: You kidnapped an orphan?
							The son: I like being here
							Tetron: What's your favorite part about living here?
								I get to eat every day
					Last question: Where was Gillies interred?
						Rainyard, mass grave ("where all the whores go")
					Jimenez: It's opportune that you came.  I was hoping to talk to you.
						Saw some of you recently - walked away with a tidy bundle
							Tetron: Are you offering a trade?
							What are you doing, walking around cities like you're the king?
								Tetron: We could ask the same - what was a butcher doing at the auction?
									I was paid, quite handsomely, to keep an eye out
									Tetron: Y'know, if the Deschamps want to interact with us, they can do it themselves
										He claims to have no skin in the game
										This gets an eyebrow raise from Jimenez
										They're busy preparing for a vacation Eutropia's taking at their beach
											Sus as shit
				The cops bust in

XP
--
40
10